Dear life, When I said "can my day get any worse?" it was a rhetorical question, not a challenge.
You should have two Facebook accounts. One for each face.
Is "you look like someone that enjoys good food" a compliment, or was I just called fat?
The number of words in your Starbucks coffee order is equal to the number of times I wanna kick the back of your head while standing in line.
Some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.
Actions speak louder than words. Your words mean nothing to me when your actions are telling me different.
Some things can never be forgotten or forgiven.
My life, My choices, My mistakes, My lessons, Not your business.
I don't regret my past. I only regret wasting time on the wrong people.
I wish I could just CONTROL + ALT + DELETE this entire day.
It sucks when you realize you rejected other people for a person who wasted your time.
People like you are the reason people like me take pills.
Hey, person I went to high school with: If your Facebook friend request is more communication than we had in high school, the answer is no.
If Monday had a face, I'd punch it.
It appears my back was made for stabbing...
When advertising your business on the side of your car it's probably a good idea not to drive like a complete jerk!
You can't trust anybody these days...you think you have a great friend until you turn around and realize they have a knife 6 inches deep in your back.
Don't make so many promises if you can't even keep one.
Some friends are like pennies: Two-faced & worthless.
Some people come into our lives & leave footprints on our hearts. Others come into our lives & make us wanna leave footprints on their face.
I told you I needed you, you told me the same. One of us is a liar and here's a hint: It's not me.
Don't put words in my mouth, I've got plenty to say. Don't tell me how to live my life, I do things my own way.
I don't care if you don't like me...I wasn't put on earth to entertain you.
Everything in the world seems to be getting more expensive...except for some people I know...they are getting cheaper.
I'm trying realllly hard to find a good excuse...oh wait there is no good excuse for cheating in a relationship.
Anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
I wouldn't have to manage my anger if people would learn to manage their stupidity.
It takes a lot of energy to get angry. I don't care to use my energy that way.
Never forget what someone says to you when they are angry...that's when the truth comes out.
I'm only responsible for what I say, not for what you understand.
Definition of EX: Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
Some people pretend to care just to get a better seat to watch your struggle. Every helping hand is not always there to help.
Go ahead, judge me. Just remember to be perfect for the rest of your life!!
I text/chat with you because I want to have a conversation with you...Not to get one word answers.
Don't act so relieved, I don't actually forgive people, I just pretend like everythings ok and wait for my turn to destroy them.
I want an application that will automatically unfriend all the people who've been friends with me for over a year and have never liked or commented on any of my posts or messaged me.
It's not that I don't believe you, I'm just 100% sure you're full of crap.
Some status updates need a "This is why I unfriended you" button.
Once I delete your number you're deleted from my life.
What goes around comes around, that's what people say. So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
No matter how well you think you know someone, they will eventually show their true colors.
I didn't say it was your fault. I said I was blaming you.
If I send you a text and you don't respond, and then I see you update Facebook at the same time, you're dead to me.
Every time you post a cryptic Facebook status update about someone because you don't have the guts to say who you are talking about, I'm going to assume it's about me.
I sometimes wish that I WASN'T old enough to know better.
I am wondering why the phrase, "It's none of my business" must always be followed by, "but"?
People like to bring up your past, when your present and future look better than theirs.
When people hurt you, think of them like sand paper. They may scratch and hurt you but in the end, you end up polished and they end up useless.
Do you remember when your parents used to say, "if someone is mean to you, kill em' with kindness?" How long does it take for the "killing" part to take effect?
Do you ever just want to slap the stupid out of someone?
Is singing, "If you're angry & you know it punch their face!"
If you're going to talk about me behind my back, don't smile at me to my face.
I might just kill you in your sleep...
Knows there's a name for people like you.
Ive tried and tried and now I give up. I refuse to be the perfect friend to people that can't treat me with the same respect.
My silence doesn't mean that I am wrong...It simply means that I don't want to argue with people who refuse to understand...
Like this status if you know someone who's only alive because you don't want to go to jail.
Don't chat with me just when you're bored. I'm not here for your entertainment.
If you have a problem with me, I'm pretty sure a vaguebooking status on Facebook won't fix it...
Beware, I'm not in the greatest mood today...
Do you ever have the urge to reach out and choke someone?
I'm gonna come back as a bird in my next life. Some people need a special delivery.
There are no words to describe the anger and frustration that I am feeling right now.
You think that you have destroyed me but really you just made me that much stronger.
Ya know what I hate...being ignored! If you don't want to talk to me anymore then just tell me and quit beating around the bush.
Telling someone to calm down just makes them 10x more angry.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. -Chinese Proverb
Nothing infuriates me more than going to defriend some loser only to find out they've already defriended ME.
People will always tell you what you did wrong but hesitate to compliment you for what you did right.
No need for revenge. Just sit back and wait. Those who hurt you will eventually screw up and if you are lucky, you will get to watch.
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.
Bitch, I will punch you by accident on purpose
Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me, try it again and ill kick ya teeth down ya fuckin throat!!
Does it mean I have anger issues when i want to randomly punch people in the face?
hates liars, cheater, fakers, and two-faced people!
I am who I am. I do things the way I want to. There s a reason for what I do and I don't owe you an explanation. If you don't like it there's the door
Some people don't lie very well, they just hope your not smart enough to figure it out!
what doesn't kill me makes me stronger and with what I've been through, I'm the strongest fucking bitch you will ever meet.
If you didn't see it with your OWN eyes or hear it with your OWN ears, then DON'T INVENT IT WITH YOUR MOUTH!!!
fuck it I'm done, tired of being ridiculed, kicked and stepped on, moving on and not getting close to anyone anymore!
You can't break what's already been shattered.
is so tired of listening to peoples bullshit, so I am permanently off line go find someone else to listen to you bull crap
either pull your head out of your fantasy world you created to cope with your completely shit life, or just pull your head out of your arse!
Oh! Do I look like I care anymore? Because my "I care" left when the truth slapped me in the face!!!
Anger is our natural defence against pain. So when I say, I hate u -It really means you hurt me??????
When I truly care for Someone, their mistakes never change my feelings because mind gets angrry but heart still cares
My silence doesn't mean that I quit... 
It simply means that I don't want to argue with people who just don't want to understand ??????
Sometime I'm just not in the mood to talk
Don't try to please other people. In the end you know it won't work ??????
I'm not unfriend and Block u. I'm keeping u There so, u will be able To see how much I'm Happy without u
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.
some peopke open their small minds instead of their big mouths.
I was born without you, so I guess I can live without you.
A Quick Temper Will Make A Fool Of You Soon Enough.
People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.
If you kick a stone in anger you will hurt your foot.
Don't be angry with people who don't have the capacity to change.
It's better to cry than to be angry because anger hurts others, while tears flow silently through the soul and cleaneses the heart..
I Hope Karma Slaps You In The Face Before I Do.
Where there is anger, there is always pain underneath.
I may look calm, but in my head I've killed u about 5 times.
God grant me the serenity to accept that people are ignorant, the courage to uphold the law when I'm hostile, & the wisdom to realize that murder is illegal..
The best fighter is never angry..
I'm done, tired of being ridiculed, kicked and stepped on, moving on and not getting close to anyone anymore!
Even The Nicest People Have Their Limits.
Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the anther person to die
Some people never realize the emotional and mental damage they do to others.
I don't regret my past. I just regret the time I have wasted with the wrong people.
Anger is fear in disguise.
Do me a Favour? Get two breeze blocks tie them round your feet, AND GO JUMP OFF A F'ING BRIDGE!
Do you ever have the urge to reach out and choke someone?
Sad, Hurt, Angry, Mad & Disappointed. But you know what? I will pull my boot straps up and will move on, it will hurt but i will survive.
I don't regret my past. I just regret the time I have wasted with the wrong people.
You should have two Facebook accounts. One for each face.
There is no excuse for cheating in a relationship.
I will not delete you or block you. I am keeping you there so you will be able to see how happy I'm without you.
I would not have to manage my anger if people would manage their stupidity.
Everything is getting expensive except some people, they are getting cheaper.
When you stopped believing in me, I did too.
Some things can never be forgotten and nor forgiven.
The more I get to know guys, the more I like dogs.
I just don't care if anyone doesn't like me I wasn't put on earth to entertain everyone.
I told you I needed you, you told me the same. I wasn't lying, so why didn't you tell the truth?
My life, My choices, My problems, My mistakes, My lessons. Not your business, mind your own problems before you talk about mine.
Don't put words into my mouth. I have got plenty to say. Don't tell me how to live my life, I do things my way.
Some people come into our lives & leave footprints on our hearts. Others come into our lives & make us wanna leave footprints on their face.
Some friends are like pennies. Two-faced & worthless.
You can't trust anybody these days'you think you have a good friend till you turn around and realize they have the knife 6 inches deep in your back.
Don't make so many promises when you can't even keep one.
No matter how long you know someone, they eventually show their true colors.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
I'm the person that the more you complain about me, the harder I'll try to annoy you.
Two things to remember, DON'T make decisions when you're angry and DON'T make promises when you're happy..
No matter how angry i am at you, and say i am done with you, i really don't want to lose you.
Your mistake is letting me go, my mistake was letting you in.
Don't make promises when you're happy. Don't reply when you're angry. Don't make decisions when you're sad. Don't text when your drunk.
While you're hating your life just because you can't get what you want, someone is praying to have a life like yours.
Telling someone to calm down just makes them so much more angry.
Ya know what I hate. Being ignored! If you don't want to talk to me anymore then just tell me and quit beating around the bush.
sometimes hearing the music is just the best way to ignore the world.
You think that you have damaged me but really you just made me that much more stronger Thank You.
There are no words to describe the anger and frustration that I am feeling right now.
I'm gonna come back as a bird in my next life. There are just some people who I feel deserve a little of their own medicine.
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
Do you ever get the feeling that you would like to reach out and just choke someone?
Attitude and personality are two different things.
Beware, I'm not in my greatest mood today..
You have a problem with me. I'm pretty sure a status on Facebook won't fix it..
By God, there's a lot to make you angry.
Don't chat with me just when you're bored. Bitch please! My name is not Adam Lambert. I'm not here for your entertainment.
My silence doesn't mean that I quit' It simply means that I don't want to argue with people who just don't want to understand.
Never regret something that once made you smile.
It's funny how you can still love a person, but you stop needing them like you used to.
Bullshit might get you to the top, but it won't keep you there.
Ive tried and tried and now I give up. I refuse to be the perfect friend to people that cant treat me with the same respect.
Knows there's a name for people like you.
If you think your opinion of me has any effect, Honey let me assure you that none of my self worth is wrapped up in what you think of me.
Attitude and personality are two different things.
No matter how long you know someone, they eventually show their true colors.
If you're going to talk about me behind my back, don't smile at me to my face.
May kill you in the morning?
Is getting close to just walking away?
Did you ever just want to slap the stupid out of someone?
Is singing 'if you're angry & you know it punch their face.
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.
If I delete your number, you're basically deleted from my life.
Sometimes I'm just not in the mood to talk.Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
Anger is not bad. Anger can be a very positive thing, the thing that moves us beyond the acceptance of evil.
I will not delete you or block you. I am keeping you there so you will be able to see how happy I'm without you.
I may look calm, but in my head I've killed you about 5 times.
Some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.
Anger is fear in disguise.
Anger is temporary madness.
Anger is a great force. If you control it, it can be transmuted into a power which can move the whole world.
Don't try to please other people if in the end, you know it wont work.
Everything is getting expensive except some people, they are getting cheaper.
If you're going to talk about be behind my back, don't smile at me to my face!
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
Just because I'm being quiet, that doesn't mean I'm mad.
Nobody makes you angry, you decide to use anger as a response.
Never forget what someone says to you when they are angry, because that's when the truth comes out.
It sucks when you realize you rejected other people for that one person who wasted your time.
Some people never realize the emotional and mental damage they do to others.
My silence doesn't mean that I quit' It simply means that I don't want to argue with people who just don't want to understand.
Never make yourself feel like nothing to make someone else feel like everything.
I will not delete you or block you. I am keeping you there so you will be able to see how happy I'm without you'
It's better to cry than to be angry because anger hurts others, while tears flow silently through the soul and cleanness the heart'
If you're going to talk about me behind my back, don't smile at me to my face!
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Sometimes I'm not angry, I'm hurt and there's a big difference.
Definition of EX: Thanks for the experience. Our time has expired. Now exit my life.
Never regret something that once made you smile.
Anger blows out the lamp of the mind.
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
Anger as soon as fed is dead, Its starving makes it fat.
Popular anger quotes by Famous Person:
Don't be so happy, I don't really forgive people, I just pretend like it's OK and wait for my turn to destroy them.
Never forget what someone says to you when they are angry, because that's when the truth comes out.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
A person who has lots of anger inside, definitely loves people more than anyone else can. because if red color indicates anger then it indicates love too'
My silence doesn't mean that I quit' It simply means that I don't want to argue with people who just don't want to understand!
You have a problem with me. I'm pretty sure a status on Facebook won't fix it.
sometimes hearing the music is just the best way to ignore the world.
Don't chat with me just when you're bored. Bitch please! My name is not Adam Lambert. I'm not here for your entertainment.
By God, there's a lot to make you angry.
Some people will pretend to care just so they can get a better seat to watch your struggle. Every helping hand is not always there to help.
When you are angry, your text speed increases by a ridiculous amount.
Beware, I'm not in my greatest mood today.
There are no words to describe the anger and frustration that I am feeling right now.
Anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
Only Two People will tell you the truth about yourself : someone who is angry with you and someone who loves you.
Anger is our natural defense against pain. So when I say, I hate you ' it really means you hurt me.
It's better to cry than to be angry because anger hurts others, while tears flow silently through the soul and cleanness the heart.
Feelings are much like waves, we can't stop them from coming but we can choose which ones to surf.
If you want to hear the whole truth about yourself, make your neighbor angry.
Anger is only one letter short of Danger.
For every minute you are angry. You lose sixty seconds of happiness. Think about It'
No matter how long you know someone, they eventually show their true colors.
May I kill you in the morning?
Is getting close to just walking away?
Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were'
To be angry is to let others mistakes punish yourself. To forgive others is to be good to yourself.
When I truly care for someone, their mistakes never change my feelings because its mind that gets angry but heart sill cares.
Telling someone to calm down just makes them so much more angry.
Your mistake is letting me go, my mistake was letting you in.
Did you ever just want to slap the stupid out of someone?
Is singing, if you're angry & you know it punch their face'
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
Don't make so many promises when you can't even keep one.
Two things to remember, DON'T make decisions when you're angry and DON'T make promises when you're happy.
I'm the person that the more you complain about me, the harder I'll try to annoy you.
Some friends are like pennies. Two-faced & worthless.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.
Anger at lies lasts forever. Anger at truth can't last.
Anger always comes from frustrated expectations.
Don't put words into my mouth. I have got plenty to say. Don't tell me how to live my life, I do things my way.
You can't trust anybody these days'you think you have a good friend till you turn around and realize they have the knife 6 inches deep in your back.
My life, My choices, My problems, My mistakes, My lessons. Not your business, mind your own problems before you talk about mine.
I told you I needed you, you told me the same. I wasn't lying, so why didn't you tell the truth?
A fool gives full vent to his anger, but a wise man keeps himself under control.
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than the mind.
I just don't care if anyone doesn't like me I wasn't put on earth to entertain everyone.
When you stopped believing in me, I did too.
Don't get mad ' Just get even.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
I don't have a short temper I just have a low tolerance for stupidity, immaturity & ignorance.
Nobody makes you angry, you decide to use anger as a response.
All angry persons are to be treated, by the prudent, as children.
Anger is never without a Reason, but seldom with a good one.
Silence is the best way to react while angry.
Never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge!
When you ask someone if you over reacted, then that's your heart telling your mind that it was a stupid decision.
Angry? Take a deep breath before you speak, because your mouth acts quicker than your brain.
The embarrassment after the anger is biggest humiliation a person can experience.
A moment of patience in a moment of anger saves a thousand moments of regret.
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.
Don't get mad, smile and creep them out instead.
The strong man is not the good wrestler; the strong man is only the one who controls himself when he is angry.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
A man is about as big as the things that make him angry.
Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruelest words.
You can't break me because you didn't make me ,????
From now on you are nothing for me, get lost ??????
If you think that, I'll forgive you one day this is your illusion. ??????
Everyone sees his advantage ??????
You think, you are smart, my middle finger is more smarter then you ????
Just because I'm being quiet, that doesn't mean I'm mad.
Don't try to please other people, if in the end, you know it won't work.
When i see your face, I just want to slap you ????
go to hell. i don't need your support????
Sometimes I'm just not in the mood to talk.????
Just because I'm being quiet, that doesn't mean I'm mad. ????
I will not delete you or block you. I am keeping you there so you will be able to see how happy I'm without you. ??????
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.
I just don't care if anyone doesn't like me, I wasn't put on earth to entertain everyone.??????
If I delete your number, you're basically deleted from my life.????
Definition of EX: Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
I text you because I want to have a conversation with you. Not to get one word answers.????
arrrggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh sometimes there's just no F..bad..in words
Does it mean I have anger issues when i want to randomly punch people in the face?
...is in a BAD mood. For no reason at all. Don't ask me why. Just leave me the F..bad.. alone and go F..bad.. yourself. Have a nice day.
has been trying so hard to make it work and just as you think that its is all getting back on track, one tiny thing completely ruins it!!!
Thinks you should get a pay rise in your job being A COMPLETE TWAT !!!
I'll do what i want and you can go F..bad.. yourself! Any confusion in that?
I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting for you to to realize your mistake and own up to it. If you can't do that, then there is nothing to say..
Okay.. Just need to get this out. I'm angry, pissed off, upset, frustrated, and irritated. No reason.. Just am. Don't ask why' Cuz I don't know.
There comes a point in your life when you realize that you're tired of trying and it's time to cut your losses and let go. I have reached that point
Don't test my patience'if I lose my patience you will become patient '
I am having one of those days where I just want to rub people's face against a cheese grater
It just seems like the past few weeks have been one very long bad day!
Thinks it would be really nice of you to go sit on a cactus
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured. But I really don't care.
I actually don't need to control my anger. Everyone around me needs to control their habit of pissing me off'
I think that stupid people were put on this planet to test my anger management skills.,
A good woman doesn't get angry and she sure as hell doesn't get even. She gets over it and keeps it moving.
Anger is nothing more than an outward expression of hurt, fear, and frustration.,
You! ' Off my planet.
Talk to the hand' If you have any questions '> consult my middle finger.
I'm in a very pissy mood. Proceed with extreme caution.
Hey, guess what' I don't give a shit anymore
I am a simple person.. I like to mind my own business'but mess with what is mine..then you are my business'and you won't like it.
You! ' Get out of my Life.
Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.
My behavior will always be based on how you treat me.
Life is full of fake people.
The world is full of liars.
Sometimes I feel like giving people a high-five, in the face'.. with a chair.
We met for a reason, either was a blessing or a lesson.
Breakups hurt but losing someone who doesn't respect and appreciate you is actually a gain, not a loss.
When I am mad; even the demons run for cover.
my life. My choice. My mistakes. My lessons. not your business.
Sometimes it's not the butterflies that tell you-you're in love, but the pain.
Never go to bed angry, stay awake, plan your revenge.
I've been acting like I'm okay, but I'm not.
Head up, stay strong. Fake a smile, move on.
Don't waste your energy on things you cannot change. Walk away from toxic people and hopeless situations.
No matter how much the truth hurts, it's always better than being lied to.
I didn't become heartless, I just became smarter. My happiness will not depend on someone else. Not anymore.
I'm not crazy, I've just been in a very bad mood all day.
Don't make me angry, I am running out of places to hide bodies.
I've been acting like I'm okay, but I'm not.
Even the nicest people have their limits.
Sometimes I get to the point of frustration, that I just become silent.
I hope karma slaps you in the face before I do.
The best revenge is just moving on and getting over it. Don't give someone the satisfaction of watching you suffer.
I felt special. Until I realized you talk to everybody like that.
Choose me or lose me. I'm not a backup plan and definitely not a second freaking choice.
If you treat me like a joke, I will leave you like it's funny.
I feel like I'm wasting my life waiting for someone.
I took the blame, but we both know it wasn't just my fault.
I used to care too much for you and now you're the reason I can't feel anything.
People don't listen, they just wait for their turn to talk.
How stupid of me to believe a boy like you could love a girl like me.
Why stress over someone that won't even text to see if you're alright?
You were my cup of tea, I drink coffee now.
I don't give up easily on someone, but when I finally do I will be so done with you and nothing you'll ever do will bring me back.
I don't have time to hate anyone, I will just forget about you.
Choose people who choose you.
If someone breaks your heart, just punch them in the face. Seriously. Punch them in face and go get some ice-cream
I don't hate you, but I have lost all the reason to love you.
I didn't lose you. you lost me. You'll search for me inside of everyone you're with &I won't be found. 
I didn't stop loving you. I decided to stop showing it because no matter how hard I tried, you wouldn't get it.
I had a lot of reasons to give up on you. But I still chose to stay. You had a lot of reasons to stay. But you chose to give up..
I'm a little bitter today, sorry if I offend anyone, but right now with the mood, I'm in I really don't care..
Don't chat with me when you are bored. Bitch please! I'm not here for your entertainment.
I just don't care if anyone doesn't like me. I wasn't put on earth to entertain everyone.
It sucks when you realize you rejected other people for that one person who wasted your time.
No matter how long you know someone, they eventually show their true colors.
I don't have to attain every argument I'm invited to.
Mind your own problems before you talk about mine.
I don't let just anyone past my walls, so when you misuse my trust, you're gonna get hit by that wall going back up with the force of a speed train.
Thank you for the constant reminder that you will piss me off on a daily basis.
You think that you have damaged me but really you just made me that much more stronger. Thank you.
What goes around comes around. So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
I refuse to be the perfect friend to people that can't treat me with the same respect.
Anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
I would not have to manage my anger if people would manage their stupidity.
I don't forgive people cause I'm weak, I forgive them cause I'm strong enough to understand that people make mistakes.
Some things are better left unsaid, if I don't talk to you it's not because I don't like you, it's because I would rather not say something that I may regret.
I will not delete you or block you. I am keeping you there so you will be able to see how happy I'm without you.
Anger is our natural defense against pain. So when I say I hate you, it really means you hurt me.
When you learn that a truth is a lie, anger follows.
Some things can never be forgotten nor forgiven.
Anger is short lived madness.
When you stopped believing in me, I did too.
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
I don't hate you.. but let's put it this way, If I had a bucket of water.. & you were on fire. I'd drink the water.
::TRUST:: It takes years to build and seconds to break.
I have learned how to hold my temper inside for a long while. I just haven't mastered controlling it once it blows.
I just want it all to end. I have had enough.
I don't regret my past. I just regret the time I have wasted with the wrong people.
If you're not angry, you're just stupid or you don't care.
Getting angry is actually punishing yourself for the mistakes of others.
Getting angry is actually punishing yourself for the mistakes of others. That's why I don't care.
Don't put your words in my mouth, I hate the taste of bullshit.
When somebody annoys you, it takes 42 muscles in your face to frown, but it takes only 4 muscles to extend your arm and bitch slap that motherfucker.
don't play games with a girl who can play better, bitch.
I am so tired of fake friends and liar.
I am fed up of being ignored and getting hurt.
An apology means nothing if they don't stop doing what they are apologizing for. Believe actions, not words.
I hate the moment when suddenly my anger turns into tears.
when I am silent, I have thunder hidden inside.
Listen to people when they are angry because that is when the real truth comes out.
Fuck it. Fuck off. Fuck you. Fuck her. Fuck him. Fuck this. Fuck that. Fuck all.
This world is mad.
being silent is the best way to let someone know that they did something wrong.
When there is anger, there is always pain underneath.
What doesn't kill me might make me kill you.
I don't disrespect anybody, but if I get disrespected. I'm over with you.
You don't actually understand how upset you've made me.
You know what? Fuck it. I don't care anybody.
It is okay to be angry. It is never okay to be cruel
speak when you are angry- and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
Just too many fucking Idiots.
Destroy what destroys you.
I'm proud of my heart. It's been played, stabbed, cheated, burned and broken. But somehow still works.
I like to think that I actually mean something to you.
I'm actually a good girl.. with bad habits and anger issues.. so please don't fuck with me.
Don't play with my mood. It's off.
Don't play with my feelings.
I have left behind All the shit you said and moved on.
Fuck it all.
Revenge? Nah, I'm too lazy. I am gonna sit here and let karma fuck you up.
People who are inconsiderate of your feelings don't deserve a second chance.
Expect more from yourself than from others, because expectation from others will just hurt you.
I'm not even angry or upset anymore, I'm just kind of numb.
Thank you for leaving my side, when I was alone and needed you. I realized I can do so much more without you.
I don't fucking live to please you.
I'm sarcastic and I have a smart-ass attitude.. It's a natural defense against drama, bullshit, and stupidity.
Wipe your mouth, there is still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
You don't care about me. You never cared about me.
If he ignores you for 1 day, ignore him for a week.
Congratulation! My tallest finger wants to give you a standing ovation.
Anger is one letter short of danger.
I am a danger to myself when I get angry.
You never realize how much one little thing can hurt a girl.
Hurt me with the truth but never comfort me with a lie.
I can't find any quote that shows how much MAD I am now.
I may look calm but in my head, I have killed you a hundred times.
I am a danger to myself If I get angry.
Don't even think that the reason I'm peaceful is because I don't know how to be violent.
If you show me you don't give a fuck, I'll show you that I'm better at it,
Hakuna: matata: Bitches
Some people just need a high-five. In the face. With a chair.
I don't care. I'm done.
Revenge? Nah, I'm too lazy. I'm gonna sit here and let karma fuck you up.
I will NOT keep calm and you can go fuck yourself.
The beast in me is caged by frail and fragile bay
I'm in no mood to please anyone.
I will not stay silent so that you can stay comfortable.
Can you see the 'fuck you' in my smile?
Fuck you very much.
Sometimes I keep my feeling to myself because it's hard for others to understand.
I Am Mad At Myself Not You, so mind your own business.
If someone treats you like shit, just remember that there is something wrong with them, not you.
Listen to people when they are angry because that is when the real truth comes out.
Don't fuck with my feelings, just because you're unsure of your own.
My feelings? Oh don't worry about those, no one else does.
A man is about as big as the things that make him angry.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.
I didn't text you just to exercise my fingers, I was expecting a reply back.
I hate that I cry when I'm frustrated because people think I'm hurt when I'm really just trying not to kill you.
I don't usually lose my temper, but if I get angry, it's true I'm scary.
I'm not anti-social. I'm just anti-bullshit.
don't be angry with people who don't have the capacity to change.
Apologies don't mean anything if you keep doing what you're sorry for.
People do not hurt us, our hopes from them hurt us.
I stopped explaining myself when I realized people only understand from their level of perception.
I don't waste time explaining myself, people only hear what they want to hear
I haven't felt alright for a really long time.
I care. I always care. That is my problem. Now I don't care.
I don't hold grudges, you just become irrelevant.
I am always angry, so what?
I trusted you, but now your words mean nothing because your actions spoke the truth.
If you don't like me, it's because I don't want you to.
I don't care what you say or think about me, I am what I am.
I am a good enough person to forgive you. But not stupid enough to trust you again.
Sometimes I am not angry, I am hurt, and there's a big difference.
Don't test my patience'if I lose my patience you will become patient '
You! ' Get out of my Life.
Hey, guess what' I don't give a shit anymore
Talk to my hand' If you have any questions '> consult my middle finger.
Life is full of fake people.
The world is full of liars.
Sometimes I feel like giving people a high-five, in the face'.. with a chair.
I hope karma slaps you in the face before I do.
Some things can never be forgotten nor forgiven.
I am so tired of fake friends and liar.
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on can't believe you.
I hate two-faced people. It's so hard to decide which face to slap first.
I'm making some changes in my life. If you don't hear anything from me you are one of them.
Once I lose respect for you, it's gone.. I've never re-respect anyone.
Don't like me? Cool, I don't wake up every day to impress you.
I've tried and tried and now I give up. I refuse to be the perfect friend to people that can't treat me with the same respect.
My silence doesn't mean that I quit, It simply means that I don't want to argue with people who just don't want to understand.
Don't talk to me only when you need me, I am not here for entertainment.
Don't chat with me just when you're bored. I am not here for entertainment.
CAUTION!! I'm not in my greatest mood today.
Beware!! I am in a bad mood today.
Do you ever get the feeling that you would like to reach out and just choke someone?
I am in a mood to kill somebody today.
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
I'm gonna come back as a bird in my next life. There are some people who I feel deserve a little of their own medicine.
There are no words to describe the anger and frustration that I am feeling right now.
You think that you have damaged me but really you just made me much more stronger. Thank you.
Hiding the truth is the same as telling a lie.
Cannot trust anyone these days. Fake is becoming the new trend.
Lie to a girl once and she will doubt everything you say after that'!
Today's relationship: You can touch each other but not each other's phones.
I am not a toy. you can't just drop me when you get bored.
Nowadays people say I LOVE YOU just like the way they say HELLO.
Sometimes you have to hurt someone's feelings, just to let them understand how it felt when they hurt yours.
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you.
You complain about being lonely, but when I was there for you, you completely ignored me.
Don't cheat'. If you are not happy just leave
There's a time to be a nice person and there's a time to say, enough is enough.
Something I learned about people, if they do it once, they'll do it again.
Do not judge my story by the chapter you walked in on.
When a woman cries, it's not usually over one thing. It's built up anger and emotions she's been holding in for too long.
I don't have time for fake friends anymore. Either be real or be gone.
And a mistake repeated more than once is a decision.
I don't allow you to treat me poorly just because I love you.
Silence .. because that's the only thing you deserve from me now.
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can be only forgiven, not forgotten.
Be careful with your words and action, I can only forgive, not forget.
Isn't it funny how people think you won't find out about all the shit they have said about you.
Who needs cocaine when human emotions can fuck you up just the same.
I gave up on you. Not because I don't care anymore, but because I realized that you don't.
If you think your opinion of me has any effect, honey let me assure you that none of my self-worth is wrapped up in what you think of me.
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
Never go to bed angry, stay up and fight.
The more I get to know people, the more I like dogs.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
I am a danger to myself if I get angry.
If I delete your number, you're basically deleted from my life.
Don't put words into my mouth. I have got plenty to say. Don't tell me how to live my life, I do things my way.
My biggest regret is trusting people who could never be trusted in the first place! They were the biggest waste of time ever.
I don't regret my past. I just regret the time I have wasted with the wrong people.
My silence doesn't mean that I quit.. It simply means that I don't want to argue with people who just don't want to understand.
I text you because I want to have a conversation with you. Not to get one-word answers.
There is no excuse for cheating in a relationship.
I don't usually lose my temper, but if I get angry, it's true I'm scary.
Some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.
Acting all innocent doesn't make you an angel. Other people might be deceived but don't try that with me.
It's a good thing I actually care and ask, if you're going to be like that then I won't ask anymore.
I hate being ignored.
If you don't wanna talk, just tell me and quit beating around the bush.
You can't trust anyone these days
Everything happens for a reason. So don't be surprised when I punch you in the face. Remember, I had a reason!!
I hate it when people talk too much.
Before you blame, see your own mistakes.
I am a nice person, if you don't think so then think about what you have done and how you have treated me ..
Let me do my own things and you stay out of my business. Thank you.
I don't like people who only talk to me or spend time with me when they want something.
What makes you think I'm not happy?? I am just a ray of freaking sunshine.
Artifical Intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
People Change, Things Go Wrong, Shit Happens, But Life Goes On.
Don'T Try To Please Other People If In The End, You Know It Wont Work.
Sometimes I'M Just Not In The Mood To Talk.
When You Stopped Believing In Me, I Did Too.
Our time has expired. Now exit my life.
Definition of EX: Thanks for the experience.
Anger is just one letter short of DANGER!!!
Don'T Tell Me How To Live My Life, I Do Things My Way.
The strong man is not the good wrestler, the strong man is, only the one who controls himself when he is angry.
It Takes A Lot Of Energy To Get Angry. I Don'T Care To Use My Energy That Way.
I Will Not Delete You Or Block You. I Am Keeping You There So, You Will Be Able To See How Happy I'M Without You.
Don'T Be So Happy, I Don'T Really Forgive People, I Just Pretend Like It'S OK And Wait For My Turn To Destroy Them.
Some People Need To Open Their Small Minds Instead Of Their Big Mouths.
If I Delete Your Number, You'Re Basically Deleted From My Life.
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel That's why you have two hands.
Sometimes I'm just not in the mood to talk.
Our time has expired Now exit my life
If I delete your number, you're basically deleted from my life.
Some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.
Don'T Try To Please Other People If In The End, You Know It Wont Work
Anger is not bad Anger can be a very positive thing, the thing that moves us beyond the acceptance of evil.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
A man is about as big as the things that make him angry
Don't try to please other people if in the end, you know it wont work.
I will not delete you or block you I am keeping you there so you will be able to see how happy I'm without you.
The strong man is not the good wrestler, the strong man is, only the one who controls himself when he is angry.
I may look calm, but in my head I've killed you about times.
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
It Takes A Lot Of Energy To Get Angry I Don'T Care To Use My Energy That Way.
Just because I'm being quiet, that doesn't mean I'm mad.
It sucks when you realize you rejected other people for that one person who wasted your time.
I Will Not Delete You Or Block You I Am Keeping You There So, You Will Be Able To See How Happy I'M Without You.
Some people never realize the emotional and mental damage they do to others.
Nobody makes you angry, you decide to use anger as a response.
If I Delete Your Number, You'Re Basically Deleted From My Life.
Never forget what someone says to you when they are angry, because that's when the truth comes out.
My silence doesn't mean that I quit… It simply means that I don't want to argue with people who just don't want to understand.
Everything is getting expensive except some people, they are getting cheaper.
If you're going to talk about be behind my back, don't smile at me to my face!
Go Ahead, Judge Me Just Remember To Be Perfect For The Rest Of Your Life!!
Never make yourself feel like nothing to make someone else feel like everything.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
I Wouldn't Have To Manage My Anger If People Could Learn To Manage Their Stupidity.
Sometimes I'm not angry, I'm hurt and there's a big difference.
If you're going to talk about me behind my back, don't smile at me to my face!
It Sucks When You Realise You Rejected Other People
For That One Person Who Wasted Your Time.
Some People Need to Open Their Small Minds Instead Of Their Big Mouths.
People Change, Things Go Wrong, Shit Happens, But Life Goes On.
Don'T Try To Please Other People If In The End, You Know It Wont Work.
When You Stopped Believing In Me, I Did Too.
It Takes A Lot Of Energy To Get Angry. I Don't Care To Use My Energy That Way.
It Takes A Lot Of Energy To Get Angry. I Don'T Care To Use My Energy That Way.
I May Look Calm, But In My Head I've Killed You About 5 Times.
Sometimes I'M Just Not In The Mood To Talk.
If I Delete Your Number, You'Re Basically Deleted From My Life.
Go Ahead, Judge Me. Just Remember To Be Perfect For The Rest Of Your Life!!
I Will Not Delete You Or Block You. I Am Keeping You There So, You Will Be Able To See How Happy I'M Without You.
It Sucks When You Realise You Rejected Other People. For That One Person Who Wasted Your Time.
Don'T Be So Happy, I Don'T Really Forgive People, I Just Pretend Like It'S OK And Wait For My Turn To Destroy Them.
I'M The Person That The More You Complain About Me, The Harder I'Ll Try To Annoy You.
Best One Line Angry Status for Whatsapp in English
Two Line Angry Whatsapp Status in English.
Some People Never Realise The Emotional And Mental Damage They Do To Others.
You Should Have Two Facebook Accounts. One For Each Face.
I Would Not Have To Manage My Anger If People Would Manage Their Stupidity.
Don't Put Words Into My Mouth. I Have Got Plenty To Say.
Don't Tell Me How To Live My Life, I Do Things My Way.
I Would Not Have To Manage My Anger, If People Would Manage Their Stupidity.
Everything Is Getting Expensive Except, Some People They Are Getting Cheaper.
You Can'T Trust Anybody These Days, You Think You Have A Good Friend Till You.
Turn Around And Realize They Have The Knife 6 Inches Deep In Your Back.
Our time has expired. Now exit my life.
My silence doesn't mean that I quit.. It simply means that, I don't want to argue with people who just don't want to understand.!
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
It's better to cry than to be angry because anger hurts others, while tears flow silently through the soul and cleanness the heart.
If you're going to talk about me behind my back, don't smile at me to my face!.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which, it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Never make yourself feel like nothing to make someone else feel like everything.
Never forget what someone says to you when they are angry, because that's when the truth comes out.
Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruelest words.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
Anger is not bad. Anger can be a very positive thing, the thing that moves us beyond the acceptance of evil.
Anger is a great force. If you control it, it can be transmuted into a power, which can move the whole world.
The embarrassment after the anger is biggest humiliation a person can experience.
The strong man is not the good wrestler, the strong man is, only the one who controls himself when he is angry.
Angry? Take a deep breath before you speak, because your mouth acts quicker than your brain.
Some people never realize the emotional and mental damage they do to others.
When you ask someone if you over reacted, then that's your heart telling your mind that it was a stupid decision.
Nobody makes you angry, you decide to use anger as a response.
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.
A moment of patience in a moment of anger saves a thousand moments of regret.
I don't have a short temper I just have a low tolerance for, stupidity, immaturity and ignorance.
Hating Me Won'T Make You Pretty.
Anger Is One Letter Short Of Danger.
I Am If I Changed, But You Changed Too.
Anger Is My Power So Don't Make Me Angry.
Even The Nicest People Have Their Limits.
Whatever Is Begun In Anger Ends In Shame.
Don'T Make Me Angry And Change Your Status.
Silence Is The Best Way To React While Angry.
I Hope Karma Slaps You In The Face Before I Do.
An Angry Man Opens His Mouth And Shuts His Eyes.
I Am Not In A Bad Mood, Everyone Is Just Annoying.
A Quick Temper Will Make A Fool Of You Soon Enough.
Yes I Am Smiling But You Are Not The Reason Anymore.
My Attitude Will Always Be Based On How You Treat Me.
You Blocked Me On Facebook & Noe You'Re Going To Die.
Anger Tears Me Up Inside…My Own…Or Anyone Else'S.
You Should Make A Woman Angry If You Wish Her To Love.
Sometimes I'M Not Angry. I'M Hurt And There'S A Big Diff.
Never Go To Bed Angry, Stay Awake And Plot Your Revenge.
It'S Easier To Say You're Mad Than To Admit You'Re Hurt.
Don'T Make So Many Promises When You Can'T Even Keep One.
We Met For A Reason, Either You'Re A Blessing Or A Lesson.
I Hate The Moments When Suddenly My Anger Turns Into Tears.
Tell The Truth, Or Eventually Someone Will Tell It For You.
Its Just A Chapter In Your Life, Turn The Page And Move On.
When People Get Angry With Him, I Remind Them That He'S Kid.
If Someone Is Angry With You And You Laugh At Them, You Win.
Nobody Makes You Angry. You Decide To Use Anger As A Response.
I Miss You That True But It Doesn't Mean I Forget Your Lies.
The Best Revenge Is To Be Unlike Hi Who Performed The Injury.
Anger Is Never Without A Reason, Butt Seldom With A Good One.
If I Delete Your Number, You'Re Basically Deleted For My Life.
Don'T Judge Someone Just Because They Sin Differently Than You.
People Change. Things Go Wrong. Shit Happens. But Life Goes On.
Anger Is Feeling That Make Your Mouth Work Faster Than Your Mind.
Don'T Be Angry With People Who Don'T Have The Capacity To Change.
All Angry Persons Are To Be Treated, By The Prudent, As Children.
When U Are Angry, Ur Text Speed Increases By A Ridiculous Amount.
If You Wake Me Up & I Don'T Get Angry, You Must Be Pretty Special.
Control Your " Anger ". It Is Just One Letter Away From "D" Anger.
For Every Minute You Are Angry You Lose Sixty Seconds Of Happiness.
Anger Is A Condition In Which The Tongue Works Faster Than The Mind.
I Don'T Need Anger Management, I Need People To Stop Pissing Me Off.
Unless I Am Sitting On Your Face My Weight Is None Of Your Business!
People Won'T Have Time For You If You Are Always Angry Or Complaining.
Just Because You'Re Angry, Doesn'T Mean You Have The Right To Be Cruel.
Sometimes I Get To The Point Of Frustration, That I Just Become Silent.
Some People Need To Open Their Small Minds Instead Of Their Big Mouths.
When I'M Shouting, Your Fine. It'S When I Go Silent You Need To Worried.
Anger Is Nothing Than An Outward Expression Of Hurt, Fear & Frustration.
Never Do Anything When U Are In A Temper, For U Will Do Everything Wrong.
Never Regret Anything, Because At One Time It Was Exactly What You Wanted.
Sometimes I Feel Like Giving People A High-Five In That Face, With A Chair.
Six Letters, Two Words, Easy To Say, Hard To Explain, Harder To Do. Move On.
You Will Not Be Punished For Your Anger, You Will Be Punished By Your Anger.
Holding On To Anger Is Like Drinking Poison And Expecting The Person To Die.
No Matter How Angry You Get, You Always End Up Forgiving The People You Love.
Life Is Too Short To Spend Time With People Who Suck The Happiness Out Of You.
Anger Doesn'T Solve Anything. It Build Nothing, But It Can Destroy Everything.
Anger Doesn'T Solve Anything. It Builds Nothing, But It Can Destroy Everything.
I'M Sorry I Got Angry And Said A Lot Of Things I Mean But Shouldn'T Have Said.
If You'Re Going To Talk About Me Behind My Back, Don'T Smile At Me To My Face !
If Another Can Easily Anger You, It Is Because You Are Off Balance With Yourself.
Speak When You Are Angry And You Will Make The Best Speech You Will Ever Regret.
Smile……It Will Either Warn Their Heart, Piss Them Off….Either Way You Win !
Anger Makes You Smaller, While Forgiveness Forces You To Row Beyond What You Were.
Never Make A Decision When You Are Angry. Never Make A Promise When You Are Happy.
Stop Telling Me To Stay Calm. You'Re The One Who Pissed Me Off In The First Place.
Definition Of Ex: Thanks For The Experience. Our Time Has Expired. Now Exit My Life.
Listen To People When They Are Angry, Because That Is When The Real Truth Comes Out.
I Think That Stupid People Were Put On This Planet To Test My Anger Management Skills.
No One Will Ever Understand What I Mean Even If I Pour My Heart Into Words And Scream.
I Wouldn't Have To Manager My Anger, If People Could Learn To Manager Their Stupidity.
You Never Apologized For Hurting Me, But I Say Sorry 12 Times For Being Angry About It.
Don'T Waste You Time On Revenge. Those Who Hurt You Will Eventually Face Their Own Karma.
Anger Hurts You, Not The Person You'Re Angry At. Don'T Waste Life Getting Mad All The Time.
Our Days Are Happier When We Give People A Bit Of Our Heart Rather Than A Piece Of Out Mind.
The World Need Anger. The World Often Continues To Allow Evil Because It Isn'T Angry Enough.
Sometimes We Forgive Not Because We Are Wrong But Because Staying Angry Robs Us Of Happiness.
If You Don'T Know Your Own Worth And Value, Don'T Expect Someone Else To Calculate It For You.
Don'T Change So People Will Like You. Be Yourself And The Right People Will Love The Real You.
A Woman Who Truly Loves You Will Be Angry At You For So Many Things, But Will Never Leave You.
Anger Is Great Force. If You Control It, It Can Transmuted Into A Power Can Moe The Whole World.
Never Forget What Someone Says To You When They'Re Angry Because That Is When The Truth Comes Out.
I Can Forgive A Lot Of Things…But Lies Aren'T One Of Them…So I Hope You Choke On The Lies You Told
If Someone Throws A Stone At You, Throw A Flower At Them. But Remember To Throw Flower Pot With It.
If You Tell The Truth, It Becomes A Part Of Your Past. If You Lie, It Becomes A Part Of Your Future.
People Say Everything Happens For A Reason. So When I Punch You In The Face, Remember I Have A Reason.
I Don'T Want To Hurt You Or Anybody So Please Forget About Me. Just Try. Find Yourself A Better Friend.
The More Anger You Hold Towards The Past In Your Heart, The Less Capable You Are Of Loving The Present.
Sometimes One Middle Finger Isn'T Enough To Let Someone Know How You Feel. That'S Why You Have Two Hands.
A Fake Friend Calls When They Need Something. A Real Friend Calls To Ask If You'Re In Need Of Something.
My Hate For You Is Undying & It Will Never Pause. Just Like How Much My Love For You Once Was. I Hate You.
I Hate That I Cry I'M Frustrated Because People Think I'M Hurt When I'M Really Just Trying Not To Kill You.
Make You Anger So Expensive That No Can Afford It & Make Your Happiness So Cheap That Can Almost Get It Free.
I Will Not Delete You Or Block You. I Am Keeping You There So You Will Be Able To See How Happy I'M Without You.
I'M Sad, Hurt, Angry, Disappointed. But You Know What ? I'Ll Put On A Smile And Move On. But Will Hurt, But I Will Survive.
Anger Won'T Make Your Problems Easier. Tears Won'T Bring Back What Is Gone. But A Smile And Gratitude Will Make You Stronger.
Never Get Jealous Or Angry When You See Your Ex With Someone Else, Because Our Parents Taught Us To Give Out Used Toys To The Less Fortunate.
A Person Who Has Lots Of Anger Inside, Definitely Loves People More Than Anyone Else Can. Because If Red Colour Indicates Anger Than It Indicates Love Too.

Anger Is My Power So Don't Make Me Angry..!!
If you want to hear the whole truth about yourself…make your neighbour angry..!!
Not available for busy people..!
Just because I'm being quiet, that doesn't mean I'm mad.
Our time has expired…Now exit my life.
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on….
You Blocked Me On Facebook & Now You're Going To Die.
"ANGER" is just one letter short of "DANGER"….!!
To all u Haters!!! Thanks for making me famous. I don't give a Shit if u talk behind my back..!!
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel…That's why you have two hands..!!
Don't Tell Me How To Live My Life, I Do Things My Way.
If I Delete your number, you're basically deleted from my life
I Hate that Moment when Suddenly My Anger Turns Into Tears.
Some people never realise the emotional & mental damage they do to others.
Everything is getting expensive except some people, they are getting cheaper..!
Beware, I'm not in my greatest mood today.
Some of my friends are like pennies….Two-faced & worthless !!
Someone who Truly Loves You Will Be Angry At You for so many things but will never Leave u..!!
I don't have a short temper. I just have a very low tolerance level for stupidity and Ignorance.
Whatever something begins in anger….ends in shame !!
Some things can never be "FORGOTTEN and nor "FORGIVEN" !!
I Don't Need Anger Management….I Need People To Stop Pissing Me Off…..!!!!
Don't disturb me plz, I am already disturbed enough.
I Think it would be really nice of you to go and sit on a cactus..
The best remedy for a short temper is a long walk..!!
Life is a Bitch until you are rich !!
I Am not in A Bad Mood, Everyone Is Just Annoying.
Do you have a law degree? No???? Then don't fucking judge me
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
The best answer to anger is silence.
When you stopped believing in me….I did too..!!
Few need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.
Sometimes I Get To The Point Of Frustration then I Just Become Silent..!!
For every single minute you are angry, You lose sixty seconds of Peace and happiness.
Nobody makes you angry, you just decide to use anger as a response.
By God, there's a lot to make you angry.
I can't even fake a "Hello" to Someone!!
I Think all Stupid People Were Put around me by god just to Test My Anger Management Skills.
Did you ever just want to slap the stupid out of someone?
Don't Be Angry With People Who Don't have The Capacity To Change..!!
Sometimes hearing the music is just the best way to ignore the world.
Some days I can handle more shit than others, today is not one of those days!!
Never go to bed angry…stay awake and plot your revenge !!
There Is No Excuse For Cheating In A Relationship…!!!!
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured..!!
The embarrassment after the anger is biggest humiliation a person can experience.
I Won't Delete ur number or Block You. I Am Keeping it So that u will be able to see how Happy I'm without You.
The Strongest person is the only one who controls himself when he/she is angry.
Some People Need To Open Their Small Minds Instead Of Their Big Mouths..!!
If you like me then chat with me, if not then raise your standard…..
Anger Is Feeling That Make Your Mouth Work Faster Than Your Mind.
Even the fastest horse can not catch a word spoken in Anger.
People always Miss u more when they find out how much happier u are without them…!!
For every minute u are angry. You lose sixty seconds of happiness. Think about It…
Go Ahead, Judge Me….Just Remember To Be Perfect For The Rest Of Your Life !!
You Will Not Be Punished For Your Anger, You Will Be Punished By Your Anger.
Whatever is begun in anger, ends in shame !!
I am not violent I just express my anger very well.
Anger is not bad. Anger can be a very positive thing, the thing that moves us beyond the acceptance of evil.
I Told You I Needed You, You Told Me The Same.
I Wasn't Lying, So Why Didn't You Tell The Truth?
People Say Everything Happens For A Reason…So When I Punch u on your Face, Remember I Have A Reason, A Solid Reason !!
They always say Boys are stupid, but aren't girls just as stupid for falling for stupid boys..
A man is not evil, but if you want to see evil than meet me!!
I don't have to attend every argument I'm invited to.
Anger at lies lasts forever. Anger at truth can't last.
I Don'T Need To Manage My Anger, People Need To Manage Their Stupidity.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
I Told You I Needed You, You Told Me The Same. I Wasn't Lying, So Why Didn't You Tell The Truth?
Anger is just one letter short of DANGER!!!
Some Friends Are Like Pennies. Two-Faced & Worthless.
Telling someone to calm down just makes them so much more angry.
Don'T Make So Many Promises When You Can'T Even Keep One.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
Sometimes I'm just not in the mood to talk.
Hating Me Won'T Make You Pretty.
Silence is the best way to react while angry.
If I delete your number, you're basically deleted from my life.
Anger Is One Letter Short Of Danger.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
Getting angry is actually punishing yourself with the mistakes of others.
Don't try to please other people if in the end, you know it wont work.
Anger Is My Power So Don't Make Me Angry.
Even The Nicest People Have Their Limits.
Whatever Is Begun In Anger Ends In Shame.
Telling someone to calm down just makes them so much more angry.
I hate the moment when suddenly my anger turns into tears.
I may look calm, but in my head I've killed you about 5 times.
Don'T Make Me Angry And Change Your Status.
Always write angry letters to your enemies. Never mail them.
Hating Me Won'T Make You Pretty.
Your mistake is letting me go, my mistake was letting you in.
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
I Hope Karma Slaps You In The Face Before I Do.
Sometimes you just wanna give people a high five to the face.
Don't make so many promises when you can't even keep one.
Just because I'm being quiet, that doesn't mean I'm mad.
An Angry Man Opens His Mouth And Shuts His Eyes.
Some things can never be forgotten and nor forgiven.
It sucks when you realize you rejected other people for that one person who wasted your time.
I Am Not In A Bad Mood, Everyone Is Just Annoying.
By God, there's a lot to make you angry.
I hate the moment when suddenly my anger turns into tears.
I Am If I Changed, But You Changed Too.
Some people never realize the emotional and mental damage they do to others.
A Quick Temper Will Make A Fool Of You Soon Enough.
Anger at lies lasts forever. Anger at truth can't last.
There are no words to describe the anger and frustration that I am feeling right now.
If you're going to talk about be behind my back, don't smile at me to my face!
My Attitude Will Always Be Based On How You Treat Me.Anger always comes from frustrated expectations.
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
Never make yourself feel like nothing to make someone else feel like everything.
You Blocked Me On Facebook & Noe You'Re Going To Die.
Anger blows out the lamp of the mind.
When you are angry, your text speed increases by a ridiculous amount.
Sometimes I'm not angry, I'm hurt and there's a big difference.
Anger Tears Me Up Inside…My Own…Or Anyone Else'S.
Anger at lies lasts forever. Anger at truth can't last.
I may look calm, but in my head I've killed you about 5 times.
Anger is our natural deffense against pain. So when i say i hate you, it really means you hurt me.
I will not delete you or block you. I am keeping you there so you will be able to see how happy I'm without you…
You Should Make A Woman Angry If You Wish Her To Love.
Never make yourself feel like nothing to make someone else feel like everything.
Anger is our natural deffense against pain. So when i say i hate you, it really means you hurt me.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Definition of EX: Thanks for the experience. Our time has expired. Now exit my life.
Anger Tears Me Up Inside…My Own…Or Anyone Else'S.
Anger makes you smaller, while forgiviness forces you to grow beyond what you were..
For every minute you are angry….. you lose sixty seconds of happiness… Think about It
You have a problem with me. I'm pretty sure a status on Facebook won't fix it.
Don'T Make So Many Promises When You Can'T Even Keep One.
They say milk is good for your teeth. You know what else is good for your teeth? Minding your own damn business.
For every minute you are angry….. you lose sixty seconds of happiness… Think about It.
When you stopped believing in me, I did too.
We Met For A Reason, Either You'Re A Blessing Or A Lesson.
Some people never realise the emotional and mental damage they do to others.
Tell The Truth, Or Eventually Someone Will Tell It For You.
A fool gives full vent to his anger, but a wise man keeps himself under control.
It sucks when you realize you rejected other people for that one person who wasted your time.
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than the mind.
Its Just A Chapter In Your Life, Turn The Page And Move On.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
Some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.
All angry persons are to be treated, by the prudent, as children.
When People Get Angry With Him, I Remind Them That He'S Kid.
Anger is never without a Reason, but seldom with a good one.
Never forget what someone says to you when they are angry, because that's when the truth comes out.
I don't have a short temper I just have a low tolerance for stupidity, immaturity & ignorance.
If Someone Is Angry With You And You Laugh At Them, You Win.
Don't get mad – Just get even.
I Miss You That True But It Doesn't Mean I Forget Your Lies.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
The Best Revenge Is To Be Unlike Hi Who Performed The Injury.
When you ask someone if you over reacted, then that's your heart telling your mind that it was a stupid decision.
A moment of patience in a moment of anger saves a thousand moments of regret.
Anger Is Never Without A Reason, Butt Seldom With A Good One.
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.
Don'T Judge Someone Just Because They Sin Differently Than You.
People Change. Things Go Wrong. Shit Happens. But Life Goes On.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
Control Your " Anger ". It Is Just One Letter Away From "D" Anger.
Anger as soon as fed is dead, "Tis starving makes it fat".
For Every Minute You Are Angry You Lose Sixty Seconds Of Happiness.
Anger is a great force. If you control it, it can be transmuted into a power which can move the whole world.
Never Get Jealous Or Angry When You See Your Ex With Someone Else, Because Our Parents Taught Us To Give Out Used Toys To The Less Fortunate.
Anger is not bad. Anger can be a very positive thing, the thing that moves us beyond the acceptance of evil.
A man is not evil, but if you want to see evil than meet me!
I Don'T Need Anger Management, I Need People To Stop Pissing Me Off.
People Won'T Have Time For You If You Are Always Angry Or Complaining.
Sometimes I Get To The Point Of Frustration, That I Just Become Silent.
Smile……It Will Either Warn Their Heart, Piss Them Off….Either Way You Win !
Sometimes I'm not angry, I'm hurt and there's a big difference.
Not available for busy people
I do not exist to impress the world. I exist to live my life in a way that will make me happy.
Everything is getting expensive except some people, they are getting cheaper.
My phone screen is brighter than my future
Anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work than faster your mind..
This man, is man, a man, good man, way man, to man, keep man, an man, idiot man, busy man, for man, 30 man, seconds man! NOW READ WITHOUT MAN
Sometimes the best way to get someone's attention is to stop giving them yours.
People like to bring up your past, when your present and future look better than theirs.
Wakeup>job>noluv>daaru>sleep>repeat..
To all u Haters!!! Thanks for making me famous. I don't give a Sht if u talk behind my back.
Its hurts the worst when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
Life is too short don't waste it by reading my whatsapp status
If I treated you the way you treat me, you would hate my guts.
Girls r like potato chips…you can't have 1
Had you asked for my life i would have sacrificed it with a smile… but you've stripped me of my pride
People always miss you more when they find out how much happier you are without them.
People change for one of two reasons: They have learned a lot, or they have been hurt too many times.
If you fail and feels the shame then you are only few steps away from success
You get betrayed by people you never thought of…
Does your ass ever get jealous of all the shit that comes out of ur mouth?
When you give lots of importance to someone, you loss your own importance in their life….
Tired of waking up everyday and putting on a stupid fake smile and lying to the world.
my life, my way, if you don't like it then FUCK OFF!
it doesn't bother me that you don't like me, what bothers me is that you are hypocritical and PRETEND to like me!
No matter how long you know someone, they eventually show their true colors.
Beware!!!… I?m not in my greatest mood today?
It's hard to feel sorry for people when they get what they deserve.
If you're going to talk about me behind my back, don't smile at me to my face!
I've got five fingers; the middle is yours.
Stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tatto !!
The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next
One mistake… and people forgot what good you have done to them in past..
A teacher is one whreads the heart of students happy teachers day!!!!!!!
When I Look Back On My Life, I See Pain, Mistakes And Heartache. When I Look In The Mirror, I See Strength, 4Learned Lessons, And Pride In Myself.
Don't act so relieved, I don't actually forgive people, I just pretend like everythings ok and wait for my turn to destroy them…….
That sad moment, when you lose your half marks without commiting any mistake!!! Exams Stories!!!
I hate to hear people say that they know how I feel, because if they really knew, they would just shut up.
Sorry guys cant talk…. sleeping mode is on…
If I delete your number, you're basically deleted from my life.
Go ahead, judge me. Just remember to be perfect for the rest of your life!!
Broke up with math..2 many problems
I talk to myself bcoz I lyk dealing wid a better class of ppl .
Sometimes its not the people who change, its the mask that fall off….
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.
Know your limits or else I'll cross mine.
It really hurtz when somebody else starts taking your place in someone's life…
I don't mind if others dislike me after all I'm not facebook status.
Don't make so many promises when you can't even keep one.
Roses are famous for grace; horses are famous for race ; Advocate is famous for case; BUT; Smile is famous on your face.
Meaningful silence is better than meaningless words
Dear crush,please fall in love with me
My status…depends on your eyes
I make a worse face when you call me. Stay off!!
Say it to my face, nt through ur status
Get as rude as possible and don't let anyone tell you how to live.
Less people you chill with, less bullsht you deal with.
Always doing the same things, which I hate most!
Hate is great.. because it can make you achieve everything.
some people are alive only because its illegal to kill them
I hate the haters, who hate love…
May my enemies live long to see my success
I don't Know, How People Can Fake whole Relationship. I can't even fake a hello to Sombody. I DON'T LIKE
I'm not arguing, I'm just explaining why I'm right.
when we are angry Our Text Speed increase by ridiculous speed
If you don't like my statuses, then either hide me or get the fuck off my page! I am not here to please anyone, least of all you!
Isn't it amazing how others want to blame you? For their mistakes!
My heart is no longer red, but black. No longer warm, but cold. No longer filled with love, but hatred. I just don't care anymore.
Some days I can handle more shit than others, today is not one of those days!
really wishes that people understood that NO means NO..no matter what
I'm so pissed off right now even the devil is saying whats her problem
if you think i'm bad now, just wait to see how i am when i actually show my feelings rather than hiding them.
Its one of those days, I'm not in the mood. Step back , Shut up , and Beware.!
Is DONE! caring, feeling and giving a shit. whats the point…
How is it that something that has nothing to do with me, is yet, still my fault and i keep getting the blame for?
I don't have anger problems… Or a tone… You just annoy me so I have to talk louder for you to hear me.
Fuck forgiveness i want to beat the bitch!
I don't need anger management classes, I just need all the stupid people to go away… Problem solved!
Lord give me patience because if you gave me strength I'd slap a bitch
I don't need Anger management, I manage my anger how I see fit at any given moment..
I am not violent I just express my anger very well.
I am just full of anger held under by a thin line that is slowly wearing down and I don't know how much longer until I explode.
The "ONLY" people I need in my life are the People that need me in theirs…Friends come an go…TRUE ones Stay…
Persons who have turned their backs on the one who has always been beside you, you will soon find that you're beside yourself.
Life is to short to let other people get to you, If they can't handle who I am then I don't need them in my life!
They always say boys are stupid, but aren't girls just as stupid for falling for stupid boys.
The day I walked into your life was the best day of YOUR life, the day I walk out will be the best day in MINE!
Just really wants to punch someone really hard, until they feel how much I am hurting on the inside!
It's frustrating when you are so upset, and the one who upset you acts like it's not a big deal!
A good mood is like a balloon, one stupid little prick is all it takes to completely ruin it!!!
ANGER is one letter short of dANGER, take a deep breath don't let your words become danger…
Hate when someone acts like your so important in their lives but once they get what they want its like you don't even exist!
Remember one thing… you MIGHT be a player, but I AM THE GAME!!
Don't judge me unless you have walked the life I did and understand the experience of my heart.