We don't meet people by accident. They are meant to cross our path for a reason.
The most valuable real estate is the space you occupy in other people's heart.
Peace of mind is a beautiful gift, which only we can give overselves, by expecting nothing, even after doing everything..
Forgiveness should start with oneself. Until we are able to forgive ourselves, we will not be able to forgive others.
Love reclaims. Love transforms. Sermons or lectures do not touch the hearts of the people; the power of love does.
Being at peace is the ultimate position of power.
Smiles are fat-free sugar-free & tax-free reduces blood pressure Helps relieve pain & depression. Require no batteries Absolutly free of cost So keep SMILING..
Peace is accepting today, releasing yesterday, and giving up the need to control tomorrow.
It time tp work on your mind! Don't let past situations replay in your mind. Let go of the negative feelings and graduges.
When we close the doors that shut out the past, we will ensure that the ship of life sails smoothly ahead!
Worry is a total waste of time. It doesn't change anything. All it does is steal your joy and keeps you very busy doing nothing.
When life gives you LIMES, rearrange the letters until they say SMILE.
No matter what Dark clouds come into your life, God can lift you above the storm.
Your level of peace is directly related to your level of TRUST in GOD. The more you TRUST GOD, The more peace you will experience.
TRUST is like a paper, once it's crumpled it can't be perfect AGAIN.
Keep a tight security on the gate of your mind so that only positive thoghts are allowed to enter & only word of wisdom are allowed to exit.
A simple formula for a happy life. Never try to defeat 'ANYONE' Just try to win 'EVERYONE' Don't laugh 'AT' anyone But laugh 'WITH' everyone.
You know you've made the right decision when there is peace in your heart.
FORGIVENESS is FREEDOM Freedom to be who you are.
Life is a circle of happiness, sadness, hard times and good times. If you are going through hard times have faith that good times are on the way.
Never doubt the power of prayer. One small prayer can change your life forever.
The choice I make today will determine what I will be tomorrow.
Try not to take things personally, what people often say is a reflection of them not you...
Discussion are always better than arguments, because an argument is to find out who is right, and a discussion is to find what is right.
If you would be truly happy, love one another. Meet hatred with love and forgiveness.
In a war og Ego The looser always wins
Life is a trip. The only problem is that it doesn't come with a map.
We have to search our own routes to reach our destination.
Our minds should be clean and uncluttered. It is only then that We can hope to be happy.
We take a few seconds to hurt someone, but sometimes we take years to say SORRY. I take this opportunity to ask your forgiveness, if I have hurt you knowingly or unknowingly.
Let your wings of forgiveness. Flutter and take you into a garden where the flowers of peace blossom.
God's LOVE is like an ocean you can see it's beginning but not it's end.
Never search your happiness in others, it will make you feel alone. But search in yourself, you will feel happy even if you are alone.
Focus on how you want to feel in every area of your life and start doing activities that create those desired feelings.
Forgiveness does not overlook the dead. It rises above it.
God opens doors that no one can close. So look forward and trust in Him!
Life is the most difficult exam. Many people fail as they try to copy others without realising that everyone has a different question paper. Enjoy your unique life in the best way!
Life is beautiful! This day this hour, this minute will note come again. Avoid fights and speak sweetly to every person.
The person who holds a grudge hurts himself more than the one against whom the grugdr is held.
If you want PEACE OF MIND stop fighting with your thoughts.
Stop trying to fit in, you were born to stand out.
Two princilpes for a happy life: Use things, not people. Love people, not things.
God always leads us to where we need to be, not where we want to be.
Peace cannot be kept by force, it can only be achieved by understanding.
The shortcut to world peace is through love, compassion, the spirit of caring and sharing, and service.
remember when you forgive, you heal. When you let go, you grow.
Rain drops may be small. But their continuous fall can make a river overflow. So also, small and consistent efforts can make a massive change in life.
NEVER allow waiting to become a HABIT. LIVR your dreams.
If you want to fly... you have to give up the things that weigh you down.
The best cure for the body is a 'Quiet Mind' and the best cure for mind is 'Never Mind'.
Life is a one time offer use it well.
Life becomes sweet in the measure in which we understand others.
Every positive thought is a silent prayer which will change your life.
Control your anger, Alter your thoughts and Delete the memory of the past.
Sometimes GOD soesn't change your situation Because he is trying to change your HEART.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal. Not a people or things.
Happiness is not measured by the amount of money you have. It is measured by the wonderful people in your life.
Sometimes the best reaction is not to react at all.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Forgive him who wrongs you; join him who cuts you off; do good to him who does evil to you.
This is an open universe. We cannot get away with anything. Therefore let us be careful to see that there is no evil in our thoughts and actions.
Worry is like a swing. Though you keep moving, you reach nowhere!
Rivers never go reverse so try to live like a river, forget the past and FOCUS ON THE FUTURE.
Kindness makes you the most beautiful person in the world, no matter what you look like.
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.
Action is the key to success. Take a simple step towards your dreams today.
Its not stress that kills us, it is our REACTION to it.
Forgiveness does not erase the pains of the past but it will open up a road to a brighter future.
God is like OXYGEN. You can't see him, but you can't LIVE without him.
Light up your heart and soul with the lamp of selfless love!
A Solution for every Problem A light for every Shadow A plan for every Tomorrow A Joy for every Sorrow.
Nothing can dim the light which shines from within.
You have to find what sparks a light in you so that you in your own way can illuminate the world.
happiness is letting go of what you think your life is supposed to look like and celebrating it for everything that it is.
Collect the material treasures by all means but don't forget your richest treasure is your peace of mind.
Never hesitate to pour out your heart to God. In your days of troble, you will find that prayer is the shortest route between your heart and God's heart.
as you start and end the day, be thankful for every little thing in your life.
Change your thoughts and you can change your karma. Change your karma and you will change the conditions in which you live.
Don't worry about people who don't like you. Enjoy the ones who love you.
Be a writer of your life and reader of your mind. The more you know yourself, the les you need approval of others.
Take care of your thoughts when you are alone and Take care of your words when you are with people.
peace of mind is a beautiful gift which we can give ourselves, by expecting nothing even after doing everything.
When you fix your thoughts on God, God fixes your thoughts.
Love and fault-finding never go together. The more you love, the less you judge.
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
Life isn't about pleasing everyone, it's about hurting no one.
We can't change what's going on around us, until, we start changing what's going on within us.
God's plan is perfect; and whatever happens is for the best. There can be no mistakes in God's plan.
make compassion the cotton, contentment the thread, modestry the knot and truth the twist. This is the sacred thread of the soul.
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing. be special, be different, just be yourself.
A child asked God: If everything is already written in destiny, then why should I wish? God smiled and said: May be on some pages I have written "As you wish".
life becomes sweet in the measure in which we understand others.
The Heart is a very good fertilizer; anything we plant-love,hate, fear, hope,revenge,surely grows and bears fruit. We have to decide what to harvest.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
The mind is like a parachute. It works well when it is open.
Every positive thought is a silent prayer which will change your life.
Always do the best you can for whoever is around you because tomorrow either THEY MAY BE GONE or YOU MAY BE GONE.
Don't compare your life to others. There is no comparison between the Sun and the Moon. They shine when it's their time.
When you're tempted to lose patience with someone, think how patient God has been with you all the time.
Happiness is not determined by what's happening around you, but rather what's happening inside you.
smile is like electicity and life is like a battery. Whenever you smile the battery gets charged and a beautiful day is activated.
blessed is the person who beholds rainbows in thunderstroms. Such a one is never discouraged!
A relationship does not need a cute voice and a lovely face. It just needs a beautiful heart and unbreakable trust.
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them and they bless you, the giver.
Use your voice for kindness, your ears for compassion, your hands for charity, your mind for truth and your heart for love.
See the one life in all creation, and give love to all!
Good people are like street lights along the roads. They don't make the distance short but they light up the path and make the walk easy and safe.
Prayers and Seeds are similar in nature. They have nothing within, but they have the potential to Create Everything.
never wait for a perfect moment; just take a moment & make it perfect.
Forgive him who wrongs you; join him who cuts you off; do good to him who does evil to you; and speak the truth even if it be against yourself.
Keep calm and stay strong.
Keep calm and believe in dreams.
Stay Calm, take a breath and reload.
Keep calm and pass the weed on.
Keep Calm and never stop dreaming.
Keep it simple, keep it honest, keep it real.
Remember to keep the mind calm in difficult moments.
Happy, calm children learn best. 
Keep cool; anger is not an argument. 
Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm and stay classy!
They sicken of the calm who know the storm. 
Keep cool and you will command everyone. 
After a storm comes a calm. 
Calmness is the cradle of power. 
Whoever's calm and sensible is insane! 
Lie down on the floor and keep calm. 
Remain calm in every situation because peace equals power. 
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm. 
Keep calm, stay strong and make them wonder how you're still smiling.
The world belongs to the Enthusiast who keeps cool. 
It's calm under the waves in the blue of my oblivion.
Because you want to keep an air of calm and cool. 
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil.
Keep a cool surface. Calm. Detached. As inside a part of you has been shattered.
The peace within can calm every stormy waves. 
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm. 
Being jealous is not worth it. Therefore, keep calm & call Batman.
If something good fades away, something better is on the way. Keep calm and be patient!
Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health. 
Do not allow yourself to be aggravated by someone's anger. Stay calm. 
Keep calm. Don't let your feeling controlled your heart. Think carefully.
If something does go wrong, here is my advice'KEEP CALM and CARRY ON. 
A man of calm is like a shady tree. People who need shelter come to it. 
A samurai must remain calm at all times even in the face of danger. 
Keep Calm Because Pain makes you stronger. Fear makes you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy. 
God is working on your problem. Stay calm. Stay sweet. Stay out of fear and keep on keeping on. 
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil. 
Those who seek peace above all else, they say, will always deceive to keep the water calm. 
coins always make a sound but the currency notes are always silent,So when ur value increases, keep yourself calm and silent.
Whoever's calm and sensible is insane!
Calmness is the cradle of power. 
Do not learn how to react. Learn how to respond. 
Keep Calm because Life's too short to stress over people who don't deserve to be an issue.
They sicken of the calm who know the storm.
Keep calm, stay strong and make them wonder how you're still smiling.
Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health.
Keep cool; anger is not an argument. 
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. 
Keep cool and you will command everyone. 
Do not ever get agitated by provoking thoughts and actions. Always keep your calm. This will shame the alien. 
Keep calm and turn it off and on again.
Keep Calm Because Pain makes you stronger, fear makes you braver and eartbreak makes you wiser. 
A samurai must remain calm at all times even in the face of danger. 
Keep calm and believe in dreams.
The world belongs to the Enthusiast who keeps cool. 
Keep calm. You have the forest in your blood.
Choose to be optimistic. It feels better. 
Keep calm you can count on me.
I always teach myself calm and visualization stuff. 
You are the sky. Everything else ' it's just the weather.
The ideal of calm exists in a sitting cat. 
Many a calm river begins as a turbulent waterfall, yet none hurtles and foams all the way to the sea. 
Patience is the calm acceptance that things can happen in a different order than the one you have in mind. 
Doomed are the hotheads! Unhappy are they who lose their cool and are too proud to say, 'I'm sorry.' 
It's calm under the waves in the blue of my oblivion. 
Feelings are just visitors, let them come and go. 
Keep calm and believe in yourself 'only'. 
The storm before the calm. 
Keep calm it's pay day tomorrow.
You arrive at a village, and in this calm environment, one starts to hear echo. 
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm. 
Everything we do is infused with the energy with which we do it. If we're frantic, life will be frantic. If we're peaceful, life will be peaceful. 
Relax, Just be and be just.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm. 
The pink sunset reminds me of her, and the calm water matches the calm that images of her bring to my heart.
Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself. You will then find out how easy it is to get along. 
I believe a calm dog is a happy, obedient dog that won't get into trouble. 
Keep calm and grow magic pomegranates.
I long for the countryside. That's where I get my calm and tranquillity ' from being able to come and find a spot of green.  
Keep calm and you might just turn out to be the hero.
The one who had the power to calm the elements of the earth has power to calm our sols. 
Be like a duck. Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
Panic causes tunnel vision. Calm acceptance of danger allows us to more easily assess the situation and see the options. 
I inherited that calm from my father, who was a farmer. You sow, you wait for good or bad weather, you harvest, but working is something you always need to do.
The only order in the universe is just a cycle of calm and chaos. 
I don't think that architecture is only about shelter, is only about a very simple enclosure. It should be able to excite you, to calm you, to make you think. 
There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy. 
When the expected occurred, never panic, by keep calming, you gain control over the situation. 
Raise your words, not your voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.One minute of patience, ten years of peace.
It is better to have a hen tomorrow than an egg today.
Patience is a conquering virtue.
You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience.
Patience is also a form of action.
Always show patience, don't turn away it will make life worthwhile tomorrow and today.
He who rides the sea of the Nile must have sails woven of patience.
An impatient person plays differently than a more patient person.
Patience is the ability to count down before you blast off.
Patience is something you admire in the driver behind you and scorn in the one ahead.
Patience can't be acquired overnight. It is just like building up a muscle. Every day you need to work on it.
The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience
Patience ensures victory.
Patience is poultice for all wounds.
Heaven grant us patience with a man in love.
Wise to resolve, and patient to perform.
I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end.
One moment of patience may ward off great disaster. One moment of impatience may ruin a whole life
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.
Inspirational Be Patience Quotes for life.
Patience is the key to paradise.
Come what may, all bad fortune is to be conquered by endurance.With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
Doing interesting work when nobody notices takes patience and belief.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it.
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Patience is not simply the ability to wait ' it's how we behave while we're waiting.
Patience makes a women beautiful in middle age.
Only those who have patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily.
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter.
He that can have patience can have what he will.
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
He that can have patience can have what he will.
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient.
How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees?
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
The strongest of all warriors are these two ' Time and Patience.
Best Sayings about Patience and How to Keep Clam.
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patienceSometimes your light shines so bright that it blinds people from seeing who you really are.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
I used to think how lucky she was to have me, but now I realize that's backwards. 
A spirit of gratitude yields patience, love, and forgiveness.
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.
Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown.
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.
Have patience with all things, But, first of all with yourself.Waiting and hoping is a hard thing to do when you've already been waiting and hoping for almost as long as you can bear it.
He who can have patience can have what he will.
If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees.
Patience is a virtue, and I'm learning patience. It's a tough lesson.
The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it.
We have no patience with other people's vanity because it is offensive to our own.
I can bench press steam, but not fog. I just have to wait until the fog lifts itself.
There's no advantage to hurrying through life.
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy.
Infinite patience brings immediate results.
Best Lines about having patience quotes for better life.
Patience: A minor form of despair disguised as a virtue.
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious.
The bigger the dam of patience, the worse the flood when the dam breaks.
Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane.
Why is patience so important? Because it makes us pay attention.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words ' wait and hope.
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
Patience and wisdom walk hand in hand, like two one-armed lovers.
Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience.
Sometimes things aren't clear right away. That's where you need to be patient and persevere and see where things lead.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
A man who is a master of patience is master of everything else.
Beware the fury of a patient man.
Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character.
Patience is the art of hoping.
Who ever is out of patience is out of possession of their soul.
Find patience or it will never find you.
Everybody going to be dead one day, just give them time.
Make your ego porous. Will is of little importance, complaining is nothing, fame is nothing. Openness, patience, receptivity, solitude is everything.
Patience is the support of weakness; impatience the ruin of strength.
I'm the dude with cool attitude.
Silence is the best response to a fool.
When I die, I want my grave to offer free Wifi so that people visit more often.
My life my rules.
Just saw the most smartest person when I was in front of the mirror.
I love food and sleep. If I give you a bit of food or text you all night, that means something.
I don't care what people think or say about me'
Please don't get confused between my my attitude and personality!
Diets are hard because I get hungry.
If I delete your number, you're basically deleted from my life.
Dear Math, please grow up and solve your own problems, I'm tired of solving them for you.
Be yourself. everyone else is already taken.
If life is not smiling at you, give it a good tickling.
I changed my password everywhere to 'incorrect.' That way when I forget it, it always reminds me.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
It's very difficult to be great. Losers prove this point continuously.
Everyday is a second chance.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest.
I'm cool but Summer made me hot!Totally available!! Please disturb me!
Life is journey. I am traveler.
Life must go on.
I'm jealous my parents, I'll never have a kid as cool as theirs.
Always trying to cool myself.
Some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.
I do not get drunk ' I get awesome.
A jealous woman does better research than FBI.
I will win, not immediately but definitely.
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them.
Warning!!! I know KARATE and few other oriental words.
Not all men are fools, some stay bachelor.Friends come and go, but enemies remain and build up.
AwesoME ends with ME and Ugly starts with You.
I'm cool but Summer made me hot!
I don't need to explain myself because, I know I'm right.Keep calm and enjoy life.
I got less but I got best!
Always trying to cool my sel
Nowadays, 'Cool' means- 'I really don' care.'
You hate drama? Cool. Stop starting it.
It's my life so keep your nose out of it'
I love haters, they keep me motivated.
Turn your problem into profit.
The only reason I am fat is because a tiny body couldn't store all this personality.
Get as rude as possible and don't let anyone tell you how to live
Life is like Facebook. People will like your problems & comment on them but no one's gonna solve them because everyone is busy in updating their.
It's funny how people say they miss you, but don't even make an effort to see you.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Get up every morning, imagine a future then make it happen.
Keep calm and stay strong.
Keep calm and believe in dreams.
Stay Calm, take a breath and reload.
Keep calm and pass the weed on.
Keep Calm and never stop dreaming.
Keep it simple, keep it honest, keep it real.
Happy, calm children learn best. ' Daniel Goleman
Keep cool; anger is not an argument. ' Daniel Webster
Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm and stay classy!
They sicken of the calm who know the storm. 
Remember to keep the mind calm in difficult moments. 
Keep cool and you will command everyone. 
After a storm comes a calm. 
Calmness is the cradle of power. 
Whoever's calm and sensible is insane! 
Lie down on the floor and keep calm. 
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm. 
Keep calm, stay strong and make them wonder how you're still smiling.
The world belongs to the Enthusiast who keeps cool. 
It's calm under the waves in the blue of my oblivion. 
Because you want to keep an air of calm and cool. 
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil. 
Keep a cool surface. Calm. Detached. As inside a part of you has been shattered. 
The peace within can calm every stormy waves. 
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm. 
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy. 
God is working on your problem. Stay calm. Stay sweet. Stay out of fear and keep on keeping on. 
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil. 
Those who seek peace above all else, they say, will always deceive to keep the water calm. 
Coins always make a sound but the currency notes are always silent,So when ur value increases, keep yourself calm and silent.
Silence is a source of great strength. 
There was a brief silence. I think I heard snow falling. 
A fool is known by his speech; and a wise man by silence. 
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom. 
I think 99 times and find nothing. I stop thinking, swim in silence, and the truth comes to me. 
If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results. 
All I insist on, and nothing else, is that you should show the whole world that you are not afraid. Be silent, if you choose; but when it is necessary, speak ' and speak in such a way that people will remember it. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
I decided it is better to scream. Silence is the real crime against humanity. 
I've begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own.
Silence is true wisdom's best reply. 
Time and silence are the most luxurious things today. 
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn whatever state I am in, therin to be content. 
Saying nothing sometimes says the most. 
I, schooled in misery, know many purifying rites, and I know where speech is proper and where silence. 
In human intercourse the tragedy begins, not when there is misunderstanding about words, but when silence is not understood. 
In the silence behind what can be heard lies the answers we have been searching for for so long. 
Silence is so freaking loud. 
There is something terribly wrong with a culture inebriated by noise and gregariousness. 
The tree of silence bears the fruit of peace. UnknownSilence is sometimes the best answer. 
Within us is the soul of the whole, the wise silence, the universal beauty, the eternal One. 
I think the first virtue is to restrain the tongue; he approaches nearest to gods who knows how to be silent, even though he is in the right. 
Don't waste words on people deserve your silence. Sometimes the most powerful thing you can say is nothing at all. Mandy HaleIf there were a little more silence, if we all kept quiet'maybe we could understand something. Federico Fellini
The human heart has hidden treasures, in secret kept, in silence sealed; the thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, whose charms were broken if revealed. 
Silence speaks when words can't. 
The world's continual breathing is what we hear and call silence. 
In silence there is eloquence. Stop weaving and see how the pattern improves. 
Now all my teachers are dead except silence. 
Talk, talk, talk: the utter and heartbreaking stupidity of words. 
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly. 
The good and the wise lead quiet lives. Euripides (This is one of my favorite quote. Leave a reply here and let me know what's yours!)Silence is a true friend who never betrays. Confucius Click to tweet
As far as I'm concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue. 
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. 
Silence is the wit of fools. 
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence. 
Without great solitude no serious work is possible. 
Speak only if it improves upon the silence. 
I often regret that I have spoken; never that I have been silent. 
The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause. 
The truth hurts, but silence kills. 
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance or my kindness for weakness. Compassion and tolerance are not a sign of weakness, but a sign of strength. 
The music is not in the notes, but in the silence between. 
As we must account for every idle word, so must we account for every idle silence. 
Three hundred years of humiliation, abuse and deprivation cannot be expected to find voice in a whisper. 
Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer. Muhammad Ali Click to tweet
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power. 
If you face God in prayer and silence, God will speak to you. Then you will know that you are nothing. It is only when you realize your nothingness, your emptiness, that God can fill you with Himself. Souls of prayer are souls of great silence. Mother Teresa
It is not easy to keep silent when silence is a lie. 
Silence is argument carried out by other means. 
You have a grand gift for silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion. 
Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most. 
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me. 
All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone. 
Silence is the perfectest herald of joy. I were but little happy if I could say how much. 
Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods. 
I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. Henry David Thoreau
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together. 
A sage thing is timely silence, and better than any speech. 
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. 
We need silence to be able to touch souls. 
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind. 
Silence is more eloquent than words. 
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Lucky for you, mirrors can't laugh out loud.
Time is precious. Waste it wisely.
If something's not going right, try left.
About to dance my feet silly!
Smile while you still have teeth.
I love my bed, but I'd rather be in yours.
Why bother reading books? We have Eminem; he can read a whole story in 4 minutes.
I tried being awesome today, but I was just so tired from being awesome yesterday.
Wife: I'm pregnant, what do you want it to be? Husband: A joke.
Everyone is normal until you add them as your Facebook friend.
Relationship Status: COMING SOON
You can't be late until you show up.
Back in 5 minutes
A big shout-out to ATM fees for making me buy my own money!
Hi, I'm James. Let's bond.
Thank goodness I'm awesome!
Sometimes I prefer to use my face as emoticons.
I think it's cool how the word "OK" is a sideways person!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life, and if that doesn't work out for you, tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life.
Keep calm and know Google can help you find a way to fix almost every problem. If not it will tell you who can fix it.
It hurts when you go to unfriend someone, and you find they've beaten you to it!
May your life someday be as good as you make it out to be on Facebook.
LIKE if you hate it when someone tags you in a photo, you look horrible in because they happen to look so good in it.
Phew! Thank you, warning label. I was actually considering using my toaster in the shower this morning.
Looking at school books and thinking: what a waste of a tree!
Nobody around here treats me like a glamour model, so I'm just going to sit here taking selfies by myself.
Why didn't you reply to my text? Well, how am I supposed to reply to LOL?
Line dancing was originally invented by women waiting in line for the bathroom.
Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
Nothing is illegal. Until you get caught.
Friends are like boobs: some are real, some are fake.
Birthdays are good for your health. Studies show those who have more Birthdays live longer.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
When I get a pimple on my tongue, I always feel guilty in case I've told a white lie.
I dance like a car dealerships inflatable tube man.
I tried being normal once. Most boring hour of my life.
You didn't notice that that I used a word twice in this sentence.
A fact of life: After Monday and Tuesday even the calendar says W T F.
The first five days after the weekend are always hard.
I am 100% done with today and about 37% done with tomorrow.
At first, I didn't like my beard; then it grew on me.
Broken pencils are pointless.
"What's up cake?" "Muffin much."
I don't have goals. Goals are for soccer. I'm not soccer.
I forgot to work out today. That's five years in a row!
If I went to hell, it would take me a week to realize I wasn't at work.
I hate it when I'm singing a song, and the artist gets the words wrong.
That moment when you try talking to someone you're hot for, and you say GFBLQRINABAH instead of "I'm good thanks!"
The weather is here, wish you were beautiful.
You look like I need a drink.
Trust me; you can dance. ~ Vodka
I'm not weird. I'm just cooler than you.
Haircuts are the reason why I have trust issues.
That awkward moment when you wave to a stranger on Facebook by accident.
I wasn't drunk; I was just testing if the plant was as soft as my bed.
Dip me in chocolate and call me dessert.
That awkward moment when you have a crush on the most inconvenient person possible.
I put the 'Me' in 'Someone,' and things get awkward.
Stop calling yourself hot, the only thing you turn on is the microwave!
That moment when someone you met for 3 seconds sends you a Facebook friend request.
I just don't know how to react when someone sends me a selfie. I mean, should I say "Wow! You really got yourself at the perfect angle in that restroom!"
That moment when the random person you just met asks for your full name, and you know it's because they want to stalk you on Facebook.
The hardest things our kids will do in 20-30 years is finding a username which isn't already taken.
I'm a good girl. With a lot of bad habits.
Aren't we ALL internet explorers?
I've been known to flash people (with my camera).
If Twitter wasn't around in the olden days why is there a hashtag button on landlines?
I press all the "Try Me" buttons on toys and then walk away LIKE A BOSS.
Me without you is like Facebook with no friends, YouTube with no videos, and Google with no results.
Girls are beautiful, not hot. They are not a temperature.
Dear friends, please don't tag me in a photo that is so prehistoric you have to scan the photo to make it digital. No one here is into studying history, sincerely everybody born before 2010.
Don't think too much or you could create a problem that wasn't even there.
Without candy crush, I'd be like a kid with no candy!
Telling me you're going to unfollow me is like announcing you're leaving a party you weren't even invited to.
I did not say I didn't want to work. I said I didn't want to twerk!
Cheese. Milk's leap towards evolution.
My mum's so old-fashioned she thinks LOL = Lots of love. She sent me an SMS saying just to let you know you're Pa is in the hospital LOL.
I'm following you on Twitter because my mum always told me to follow my dreams.
Everyone is normal until you find them on Twitter.
Tired? There's a nap for that.
When someone says you are what you eat, and you're eating the chicken's bum.
If you have a problem with me write it on a piece of paper, put it in an envelope and shove it up your big behind.
If you're talking behind my back, you're in a really good position to kiss my butt.
This dog, is dog, a dog, good dog, way dog, to dog, keep dog, an dog, idiot dog, busy dog, for dog, 30 dog, seconds dog! Now read without the word dog
Were you dropped as a baby?" "Yeah into a pool of sexy!"
Well, I didn't know I logged into sookbook today.
A day without sunlight is night.
I can resist anything, except temptation.
Sitting in class wondering who would die if one of the fans fell down.
I'm pretty sure you're not a car, get an actual photo for your profile.
Every time I put my phone on silent, it decides to play "hide and seek."
You put the "pro" in "procrastination."
I don't have exes; I have Y's. Y the hell did I do that?
I have decided to tell my pets they're adopted.
If swimming is an exercise, then explain whales to me.
If someone says "I love you," and you don't feel the same way, just say "I love YouTube" really fast.
Only 10-20% of the population can wiggle their ears and raise one eyebrow.
We should stop teaching kids to sing the alphabet. It took me five years to realize that "elemeno" wasn't a letter.
Unicorns do exist. They're just fat and grey, and we call them Rhinos.
A message in the toilet: Treat me well, keep me clean, I will not tell anyone what I have seen.
I grew up being told not to write on the walls. Felt like such a badass when I first joined Facebook.
My wallet is like an onion, when I open it. It makes me cry.
Life is like a box of chocolates: if you eat the whole thing at once you're going to be sick.
WHEN YOU ARE COURTING A NICE GIRL AN HOUR SEEMS LIKE A SECOND. WHEN YOU SIT ON A RED-HOT CINDER A SECOND SEEMS LIKE AN HOUR. THAT'S RELATIVITY.
IT IS NICE FINDING THAT PLACE WHERE YOU CAN JUST GO AND RELAX.
BETTER TO BE A POOR MAN AND WALK IN INTEGRITY THAN BE A RICH MAN AND BE CROOKED IN CONDUCT!
IF YOU HAVEN'T GOT ANYTHING NICE TO SAY ABOUT ANYBODY, COME SIT NEXT TO ME.
THE DOWN FALL OF A MAN IS NOT THE END OF IS LIFE.
IT IS NICE TO HAVE VALID COMPETITION; IT PUSHES YOU TO DO BETTER.
AS PRECIOUS AS U R TO ME, AS PRECIOUS NO ONE CAN EVER BE, I KNOW FRIENDS R HARD TO CHOOSE, BUT U R A FRIEND I NEVER WANT TO LOSE.
ALWAYS REMAIN WITH THAT PERSON IN YOUR LIFE… WHO TOUCHES YOUR THOUGHT AND YOUR SOUL – RATHER THAN SOMEONE WHO CONSIDERS YOU SIMPLY A TIME-PASS!
IT'S NICE TO JUST EMBRACE THE NATURAL BEAUTY WITHIN YOU.
WRONG IS WRONG EVEN IF EVERYONE IS DOING IT! RIGHT IS RIGHT EVEN IF ONLY YOU ARE DOING IT!
MONEY ATTRACTS THE FEMALES YOU WANT, BUT STRUGGLE ATTRACTS THE WOMAN YOU NEED!
LUST IS TEMPORARY, ROMANCE CAN BE NICE, BUT LOVE IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING OF ALL. BECAUSE WITHOUT LOVE, LUST AND ROMANCE WILL ALWAYS BE SHORT-LIVED.
YOU WERE BORN TO BE REAL, NOT TO BE PERFECT!
LET'S FACE IT, A NICE CREAMY CHOCOLATE CAKE DOES A LOT FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE; IT DOES FOR ME.
PAY ATTENTION TO YOUR GUT FEELINGS. NO MATTER HOW GOOD SOMETHING LOOKS, IF IT DOESN'T FEEL RIGHT, WALK AWAY!
DON'T BE PROUD IF YOU GAIN. NOR BE SORRY IF YOU LOSE.
IT IS NOT HOW BIG THE HOUSE IS, IT IS HOW HAPPY THE HOME IS!
EVERY MAN HAS HIS SECRET SORROWS WHICH THE WORLD KNOWS NOT; AND OFTEN TIMES WE CALL A MAN COLD WHEN HE IS ONLY SAD.
LIFE'S NOTHING BUT A JOURNEY WHERE EVERY NOW AND THEN WE FIND OURSELVES IN TRANSIT… WAITING TO FLY AGAIN!
MAKING MISTAKES IS BETTER THAN FAKING PERFECTIONS!
ONE SHOULD TAKE EVERY OPPORTUNITY TO LAUGH… BECAUSE THERE IS ALWAYS SOMETHING AROUND THE CORNER TO MAKE US CRY!
BE SOFT. DO NOT LET THE WORLD MAKE YOU HARD. DO NOT LET PAIN MAKE YOU HATE. DO NOT LET THE BITTERNESS STEAL YOUR SWEETNESS.
BEFORE YOU SAY SOMETHING, STOP AND THINK HOW YOU WOULD FELL IF SOMEONE SAID IT TO YOU!
EVERY LAND IS A NATIVE LAND TO THE BRAVE MAN
PEOPLE ONLY TREAT YOU ONE WAY… THE WAY YOU ALLOW THEM!
A HEART DIES WHEN IT'S NOT ABLE TO SHARE ITS FEELINGS….
IF YOU CAN'T FORGET SOME THINGS IN LIFE, MAKE SURE YOU DON'T GIVE YOURSELF TIME TO REMEMBER THEM!
WORDS ND WATER ARE EASY TO FLOW BUT IMPOSSIBLE TO RECOLLECT…
NO ONE CAN CHANGE A PERSON, BUT A PERSON CAN BE THE REASON SOMEONE CHANGES.
A MAN'S BIGGEST MISTAKE IS GIVING ANOTHER MAN AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE HIS WOMAN SMILE!
IT'S NICE TO HAVE A CRUSH ON SOMEONE. IT FEELS LIKE YOU'RE ALIVE, YOU KNOW?
WE TRY TO BE REAL NICE AND FRIENDLY TO PEOPLE, BUT SOMETIMES THEY TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THAT.
THE MAIN THING THAT YOU HAVE TO REMEMBER ON THIS JOURNEY IS, JUST BE NICE TO EVERYONE AND ALWAYS SMILE.
IT'S NEVER NICE TO LOSE SOMEONE CLOSE TO YOU; UNFORTUNATELY, LIFE GOES ON, AND WE HAVE TO MAKE PEACE WITH IT AND MOVE ON.
THERE IS A SAYING THAT EVERY NICE PIECE OF WORK NEEDS THE RIGHT PERSON IN THE RIGHT PLACE AT THE RIGHT TIME.
DIPLOMACY IS THE ART OF SAYING 'NICE DOGGIE' UNTIL YOU CAN FIND A ROCK.
SOMEWHERE DEEP DOWN THERE'S A DECENT MAN IN ME, HE JUST CAN'T BE FOUND.
A DECENT BEARD HAS LONG BEEN THE NUMBER ONE MUST-HAVE FASHION ITEM FOR ANY FUGITIVE FROM JUSTICE.
THERE ARE THINGS WHICH A MAN IS AFRAID TO TELL EVEN TO HIMSELF, AND EVERY DECENT MAN HAS A NUMBER OF SUCH THINGS STORED AWAY IN HIS MIND.
HIP-HOP SAVED MY LIFE, MAN. IT'S THE ONLY THING I'VE EVER BEEN EVEN DECENT AT. I DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO ANYTHING ELSE.
AS LONG AS I'M LEARNING SOMETHING, I FIGURE I'M OK – IT'S A DECENT DAY.
THE PUBLIC HAS ALWAYS EXPECTED ME TO BE A PLAYBOY, AND A DECENT CHAP NEVER LETS HIS PUBLIC DOWN.
CREEPY PEOPLE DO THE THINGS THAT DECENT PEOPLE WANT TO DO, BUT HAVE DECIDED ARE NOT A GREAT IDEA.
I BELIEVE THAT PEOPLE ARE FUNDAMENTALLY ARE DECENT. AND, YES, YOU WILL HAVE PEOPLE THAT SOMETIMES WILL MISBEHAVE.
A HEALTHY DEMOCRACY REQUIRES A DECENT SOCIETY; IT REQUIRES THAT WE ARE HONORABLE, GENEROUS, TOLERANT AND RESPECTFUL.
IT IS SOMETIMES EASIER TO HEAD AN INSTITUTE FOR THE STUDY OF CHILD GUIDANCE THAN IT IS TO TURN ONE BRAT INTO A DECENT HUMAN BEING.
MY IDEAL PROM DATE WOULD HAVE TO BE CUTE, FUNNY, SWEET, NICE.
LIFE IS HARD FOR EVERYONE. THAT'S WHY THERE'S SUCH A NICE REWARD AT THE END OF IT.
LIKE MOST PEOPLE I CAN BE LAZY, SO IT'S NICE TO HAVE A GOAL OR DEADLINE OR REASON TO WORK OUT. I FEEL BETTER WHEN I GET TO EXERCISE, OR WHEN I'M OUTDOORS. I LIKE TO HIKE, SWIM AND RUN, AND I LOVE TO PLAY SOCCER.
WHAT PEOPLE DON'T UNDERSTAND IS THAT CALLING SOMEONE TOO SKINNY IS THE SAME AS CALLING SOMEONE TOO FAT; IT'S NOT A NICE FEELING.
I DON'T EVEN LISTEN TO RAP. MY APARTMENT IS TOO NICE TO LISTEN TO RAP IN.
I CAN BE REALLY ANNOYING, BUT I ALSO FEEL LIKE I'M A NICE PERSON.
I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT TO ALWAYS KEEP PROFESSIONAL AND SURROUND YOURSELF WITH GOOD PEOPLE, WORK HARD, AND BE NICE TO EVERYONE.
IF YOU LOSE YOUR INTEGRITY, YOU WILL ALSO LOSE YOUR IDENTITY, YOUR SENSITIVITY AND YOUR DIGNITY. INTEGRITY IS HONESTY, MODESTY AND SECURITY IN ALL KINDS OF WEATHER. IT SHOULD BE OUR PRIORITY!
A PROSTITUTE IS A DECENT WORKER LIKE THE REST OF US, ONLY SHE CAN'T FAKE WHAT SHE IS DOING.
MAKE SURE YOU LIVE,' SHE SAID. 'AS DECENT AS YOU CAN. I KNOW YOU'LL MAKE MISTAKES, BUT SOMETIMES YOU'RE MEANT TO, OKAY?
YOU'RE WORSE THAN DECENT. YOU'RE VIRTUOUS.
IF YOU CANNOT AIM TO BECOME A GREAT INFLUENTIAL PERSON, AT LEAST TRY TO BECOME A DECENT ROLE MODEL TO SOMEONE OUT THERE.
A DECENT LIFE, EVEN A SHORT LIFE, WILL ALWAYS BE FAR BETTER THAN AN EXCEPTIONALLY LONG LIFE LIVED IN RUIN.
YOU KNOW, SOMEBODY ACTUALLY COMPLIMENTED ME ON MY DRIVING TODAY. THEY LEFT A LITTLE NOTE ON THE WINDSCREEN, IT SAID 'PARKING FINE.' SO THAT WAS NICE.
PROGRESS IS A NICE WORD. BUT CHANGE IS ITS MOTIVATOR. AND CHANGE HAS ITS ENEMIES.
WHEN ONE BURNS ONE'S BRIDGES, WHAT A VERY NICE FIRE IT MAKES.
IT'S POINTLESS TO HAVE A NICE CLEAN DESK, BECAUSE IT MEANS YOU'RE NOT DOING ANYTHING.
I LOVE IT WHEN SOMEONE INSULTS ME. THAT MEANS THAT I DON'T HAVE TO BE NICE ANYMORE.
I LOVE CANADA. IT MAKES A NICE HAT FOR AMERICA. WHEN AMERICA RUNS OUT OF WATER, IT'S THE FIRST PLACE I'LL GO.
EVERY DECENT MAN IS ASHAMED OF THE GOVERNMENT HE LIVES UNDER.
TOGETHER WE MUST LEARN HOW TO COMPOSE DIFFERENCES, NOT WITH ARMS, BUT WITH INTELLECT AND DECENT PURPOSE.
NO DECENT CAREER WAS EVER FOUNDED ON A PUBLIC.
THERE'S NOTHING QUITE LIKE TOBACCO: IT'S THE PASSION OF DECENT FOLK, AND WHOEVER LIVES WITHOUT TOBACCO DOESN'T DESERVE TO LIVE.
A DECENT BOLDNESS EVER MEETS WITH FRIENDS.
ONE MUST THINK LIKE A HERO TO BEHAVE LIKE A MERELY DECENT HUMAN BEING.
Wish for the best and expect the best in everything.
Success starts in the mind.
Envision success in your mind and take action to make it true.
Small success is no less important than big success.
Wishing is not enough. You need to act.
The trick to being successful is closing your ears to the negative talk of other people.
Never, let anyone discourage you.
Everyone has the right to be successful.
If someone tells you it's impossible, that does not mean that it is impossible for you.
Dream about success, but also work for success.
Dreams and work are a combination that leads to success.
Think good of other people, and they will be kind to you and help you.
Acting and doing even if you make mistakes is better than staying passive.
Every accomplishment starts as a dream.
Every accomplishment starts with a decision and taking action.
Every accomplishment encourages you increases your belief that you can do greater things.
Success is many things. It is money, prosperity, and possessions, but also self-improvement and spiritual growth.
Posting a success status in WhatsApp means that you want success.
Posting a success status in WhatsApp tells the world that I am successful.
Posting a success status is a declaration of the desire to be successful.
You don't have to be like others. Be a model for others to follow you.
Do not let failure and discouragement hold you down.
If you fail, immediately try again.
Failures lead to success, if you don't let them discourage you.
Let go of the past and never let it hold you captive.
Let go of negative thoughts, replacing them with positive thoughts.
I want success and I will get success.
Success is rushing into my life.
Success is the only option.
Progress in meditation means success.
Progress in self-improvement means success.
Developing discipline, patience and perseverance lead to success.
Soon, difficulties would disappear and the bright sun will shine in my life.
Like clouds that pass and go away, so difficulties pass and go away.
Real success should include happiness, satisfaction and love.
Reading inspirational quotes keeps you inspired.
Reading success stories programs the mind to attract success into your life.
If you don't like something, change it.
If you don't like something and cannot change it, change your attitude.
Stay cool and calm in trying situations and you will find ways to overcome them.
Change of attitude leads to change of life's situations and circumstances.
Always do more than you can do.
An extra step will lead you much further.
Do not resist change. Cooperate with it.
Change is inevitable. Do not resist it.
Doubts and worries are like chains that hold you down.
Break the chains that bind your mind and set it free.
Free your mind of all limitations, and you will learn to soar above them.
Determination and persistence lead to accomplishment.
I open my mind and eyes to see opportunities.
When a door opens, I have the courage to step in.
Decide what you want to accomplish, and take one step toward it every day.
I am part of the cosmic power that creates success.
Help people, and people would help you.
Be kind to people, and people would be kind to you.
Rejoicing in the success of other people opens the door of success to you.
Whatever other people achieve, you can achieve too.
Small daily achievements make life happier.
A calm mind in every situation is a great asset.
A focused mind is like a big torch that lights your path on your way to achievement.
The goods things of life are filling my life.
Every day of my life is a wonderful day.
I always focus on what I want, not on what I do not want.
Being truly happy for other people and for their accomplishments can attract similar opportunities into your life.
If you do not give up when facing difficulties, and continue with your efforts, you will eventually succeed.
Always, focus on your hopes, not on your fears.
Learn from your mistakes, but do not dwell on them.
Everyone has talents. Find out what are yours.
A strong desire leads to motivation, and this leads to action and to results.
Today is the best day to start.
The success statuses I post inspire the people who read them and me.
To inspire and motivate you, read inspirational quotes every morning before going to work.
Focus on your work and do it the best you can, even if you don't like it. This would train and improve your success skills.
Live your dreams. Don't live your fears.
Expect the best and do the best, and your life would start improving.
Everybody wants happiness, nobody wants pain, but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
Worrying does not take away tomorrow's troubles. It takes away today's peace.
When you say YES to others, make sure you are not saying NO to yourself.
I am in-charge of how I feel and today I'm choosing happiness.
The happier you are the more beautiful you become.
Nothing is more beautiful than a smile that has struggled through tears.
Everyone is beautiful in their own way because God makes no mistakes.
Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.
You never know how bad it hurts until it happens with you.
A mistake which makes you humble is much better than an achievement that makes you arrogant.
Making mistakes is better than faking perfections.
Successful people keep moving on. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Your best teacher is your last mistake.
You have to fight through some bad days to earn the best days of your life.
The hardest tests in life is the patience to wait for the right moment.
Weak people revenge. Strong people forgive. Intelligent people ignore.
Be the reason someone believes in the goodness of people.
Don't treat people as bad as they are, treat them as good as you are.
Be a good person but don't try to prove it.
Sometimes people are beautiful not in looks, just in the way there are.
Knowing that you are loved by someone is the best feeling you could ever have.
I just find myself happy with the simple things. Appreciating the blessings god gave me.• Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart..
It is up to you to see the beauty of everyday things.
Beautiful things can happen when you distance yourself from negative.
Your future will always be Bright – when you stay Focused, Optimistic and Confident.
Never let your failures get to your heart and never let your success get to your head.
If it doesn't open, it's not your door.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Whatever makes you feel bad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it.
You're the driver of your own life, Don't let anyone steal your seat..!!
I never lose, either I WIN or I LEARN.
Without ME, it's just AWESO.
Everyone has an annoying friend. If you don't have one, it's probably you.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
Life is too short to spend all your time trying to make everyone else happy.
People are made to be loved & things are made to be used. The confusion in this world is that people are used & things are loved!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Let your smile change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.
Stay Strong, Make them wonder how you're still smiling.
Smile, Happy looks good on you 🙂
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Keep smiling..one day life will get tired of upsetting you.
Always keep smiling. It irritates those who wish to destroy you.
When you are burning inside but you have to keep smiling.
When I smile I am hiding a tear inside. When I laugh I am hiding pain inside. When I say everything is OK nothing is.
I don't have time to hate people who hate me because I'm too busy loving people who love me.
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
I am willing to make the mistakes if someone else is willing to learn from them.
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
Sometimes you have to let go of your fear to catch your destiny.
Comfort zone is a beautiful place, but nothing ever grows there.
It's time to start something new and trust the magic of beginnings.
It's easy to stand with the crowd, It takes courage to stand alone.
Courage doesn't mean you don't get afraid. Courage means you don't let fear stop you.
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Happiness is like a Butterfly..You keep running after it, it keeps flying away..If you stand still, It comes and sits on your shoulders.• One of the simplest ways to stay happy; just let go of the things that makes you sad.
If you lower you expectations, you limit your disappointment.
Always listen to your heart. It's on your left side but it will always be RIGHT.
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness of existence.
Love yourself first, because that's who you'll be spending the rest of your life with.
Do not underestimate yourself by comparing yourself with others. It's our differences that make us unique and beautiful.
A flower does not think of competing with the flower next to it. It just blooms.
Life is like a roller coaster. It has its ups and downs..but it's your choice to either scream or enjoy the ride.
Be a sandalwood, which imparts its fragrance to the axe which cuts it.
You have two hands, one to help yourself, the second to help others.
I wake up every day with a smile b'coz I know I have something to be thankful for.
Straight roads do not make skillful drivers.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Inhale confidence. Exhale Doubt.
Self-doubt is the anchor that keeps our ship from sailing..!!
Always do your best. When you plant now, you will harvest later.
Keep smiling, it makes people wonder what you're up to.
When you see a person without a smile, give them yours.
I collect smiles and then I give them away.
The most beautiful thing in this world is to see your parents smiling and knowing that you are the reason behind that smile.
Sometimes a simple hug makes everything a lot better especially when the hug comes from your child.
The smile on my face doesn't mean my life is perfect, it means I appreciate what I have.
My strength did not come from lifting weights. My strength came from lifting myself up when I was knocked down.
Never expect things to happen. It's better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed.
Hang on to the things in life that make you smile, and let go of what doesn't..!!
Surround yourself with people who don't try to suck the positivity from you.
I hate when people act like they don't know me until they need something.
When someone makes you an option, Make them a memory.
I don't care what people think or say about me, I was not born on this earth to please everybody.
I am learning to love the sound of my feet walking away from things not meant for me.
There are some people who will not stay in our life but will always be in our heart.
Sometimes letting go of the person isn't enough, sometimes you have to let go of your memories with them too.
If people are talking behind your back, be happy that you are the one in front.
If people are trying to bring you down it only means that you are above them.
I'm not a second option, you either choose me or lose me.
If you left me without a REASON, do not come back with an EXCUSE.
Sometimes, it's not what you say that matters, it's what you don't.
When your time is good, your mistakes are taken as a joke…But when your time is bad, even your jokes are noticed as mistakes.
We are all authors of our life. Unfortunately we write them in pen so we can't erase our mistakes.
A person who falls and gets back up is much stronger than a person who never fell.
The darkness whatever you are going through now, is only to help you shine brighter in the future. Be strong..!!
Stars can't shine without darkness, Darker the night brighter the star.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.• You may see me struggle, but you'll never see me quit.
If you show me 1% of goodness, I'll show 100% in return. But if you show 1% of attitude, I'll show 100% of it.
Coins always make sounds..but paper moneys are always silent. So, when your value increases, keep yourself silent and humble..
A bad attitude is like a flat tire. You can't go anywhere till you change it.
Your mind is a garden. Your thoughts are the seeds. You can grow flowers or you can grow weeds.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Never stop learning, because life never stops teaching.
It doesn't matter what you look like on the outside. It's what on the inside that counts.
No one is perfect that's why pencils have erasers.
The best way to get things done is to simply begin.
Even some of the greatest people in life, started out as nothing
Never look down on anybody UNLESS you're helping him up.
Don't rush things. Anything worth having is worth waiting for.
Sometimes life can surprise you with a happy coincidence.
It's a beautiful thing when a career and a passion come together.• My road to success always seems to be under construction.
In order to be successful, you would have to focus on your mistakes, not on your victory.
The biggest slap to your enemies is your success.
If hard work is your weapon, Success will be your slave.
Success all depends on the second letter.
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
It's shocking how much unhappiness is caused by the pressure to be happy.• I want to go for a long drive and forget about my problems for a while.
Always dress like you are going to see your worst enemy 
Never lower your standards for a guy, make him raise his standards for you!
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's – That's because she changes it more often 😉
If stress actually burnt calories..I'd be a size zero!
People often mistake me for being a good listener. The truth is, I really just don't want to talk.
Life is 10% what you make it, and 90% how you take it.
Don't wait for the perfect moment take the moment and make it perfect.
Time heals almost everything.
Always be kind, for everyone is fighting a harder battle.
Love is deaf. You can't just tell someone you love them. You have to show it.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Live life doing what YOU love, not what impresses others..
Live, don't just exist.
Don't be afraid just be yourself.
You become what you BELIEVE.
She who dares, wins.
DARE TO BE DIFFERENT!
If nothing goes right..Try going left!
Don't look for society to give you permission to be yourself.
Make your own path & Leave a trail.
Don't think outside the box..Think like there is no box.
When life gets blurry adjust your focus.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Just because my path is different doesn't mean I'm lost.
Your speed doesn't matter forward is forward.
There are no winners in life…only survivors.
You can have RESULTS or EXCUSES not both.
You never fail until you stop trying.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
Don't let people tell you the sky is the limit, when there's footprints on the moon..!!
Life is short, Time is fast, No replay, No rewind, So enjoy every moment as it comes.
Life is a journey not a Race.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.
Don't look back you're not going that way.
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Dreams and Dedication are a powerful combination.
Broken Crayons Still Color..
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Don't be afraid to move on and start a new chapter.
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
Nothing can stop you from climbing a cliff only if you know how to fall.
I am as low walker, but I will never walk back.
If you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything.
"There are times when we stop, we sit still. We listen and breezes from a whole other world begin to whisper." ]
"Breath is the power behind all things…. I breathe in and know that good things will happen."
"Within you, there is a stillness and a sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself."
"Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor."
"Calmness is the cradle of power."
"Simply let experience take place very freely, so that your open heart is suffused with the tenderness of true compassion."
"Don't try to force anything. Let life be a deep let-go. God opens millions of flowers every day without forcing their buds."
"Understand this and be free: we are not in our bodies; our bodies are inside us."
"Set peace of mind as your highest goal, and organize your life around it."
"Many a calm river begins as a turbulent waterfall, yet none hurtles and foams all the way to the sea."
"Doing something that is productive is a great way to alleviate emotional stress. Get your mind doing something that is productive."
"Rule number one is, don't sweat the small stuff. Rule number two is, it's all small stuff."
"Give your stress wings and let it fly away."
"The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another."
"The day she let go of the things that were weighing her down, was the day she began to shine the brightest."
"In the woods, we return to reason and faith. There I feel that nothing can befall me in life—no disgrace, no calamity (leaving me my eyes), which nature cannot repair."
"Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure."
"The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom."
"When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky."
I'm not changed it's just I grew up and you should try too.
I never insult people I only tell them what they are.
The biggest slap to your enemies is your success.
A bad attitude is like a flat tire, you cant go anywhere until you change it.
If people are trying to bring you 'Down', It only means that you are 'Above them'.
Style is a reflection of your attitude and personality.
I will win not immediately, but Definitely.
If you don't like my attitude then stop talking to me.
I don't have an attitude, Just a personality that you can't handle.
People like me – Great, People Don't like me- Great, As long as I like myself that's all that matters.
Never explain yourself, your real friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it…
Never let someone's bad attitude ruin your good attitude.
Please don't get confused between my my attitude & personality!
Life is too short. Don't waste it reading my status…
I don't need to explain myself because, I know I'm right.
I am not perfect but I am limited Edition.
My attitude is based on how you treat me.
Always remember you are unique, just like everyone else.
I know I am awesome, so I don't care about your opinion.
My attitude depends on the people in front of me…
Everybody don't have to like you… and You don't have to Care.
An ugly personality destroy a pretty face.
Oh, so you wanna argue, bring it. I got my CAPS LOCK ON.
I am just responsible for what I say.. Not what you understand.
Some people are alive only, because it's illegal to kill them.
People like me great. People don't like me great. As long as I like myself that all that matters.
Thank you to every person who has ever told me I can't. You are just another reason I will.
I'm not cranky. I just have a violent reaction to stupid people.
There can be no positive result through negative attitude. Think positive. Live positive.
A bad attitude can literally block love, blessings and destiny from finding you. Don't be the reason you don't succeed.
Love me or hate me I'm still gonna shine.
I'm only responsible for what I say not for what you understand…
Don't run after him who tries to avoid you..!
I'm just a mirror for you, You are good, I'm best, You are bad, I'm worst.
Don't get my personality and my attitude twisted, because my personality is me, and my attitude depends on you!
A can-do attitude is all one needs. It acts like a bridge between success and failure.
Your attitude toward what is right and wrong shows what you truly are.
I may not be the best, I may not loved by any one but I am me. That's what makes me special.
Success is the by-product of your attitude.
Yeah You – The one reading my status, Get Lost!
The problem is not the problem; the problem is your attitude about the problem.
I just don't care if anyone doesn't like me. I wasn't put on earth to entertain everyone.
Love me or hate me but you will never change me.
I know who I am, you have no need to explain.
I don't like to take right decision, I take decisions and make them right.
Everything that kills me makes me feel alive.
I don't care what anybody says about me as long as it isn't true.
Stop checking my status! Go get a Life!
Excuse me. I found something under my shoes, oh its your attitude.
If your bad, Call me your Dad!
I received nothing I wanted, but I received everything I needed.
Don't follow your dreams, follow me
Don't be a slave in heaven. Be a king of hell.
I'm a smart person, I just do stupid things.
I'm an odd combination of "Really Sweet" and "Don't mess with me"
Work for a cause, not for applause. Live life to express, not to impress.
attitude status in english
When life gives you LEMONS, make ORANGE JUICE and make them wonder how you did it.
Hustle until your haters ask if you're hiring.
I'm different, fuck your opinion.
To be successful you need good friends, to be more successful you need better enemies.
You're like a coin. Awwww, valuable? Nope, two faced!
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people..
The bigger the challenge, the greater risk I'll take, the more contented I am.
Do not give advice unless you are asked to.
I know who I am, you have no need to explain.
Brains are awesome. I wish everybody had one.
Prove them wrong. Normal is Boring.
Sometimes I pretend to be normal. But it gets boring so I go back to being me.
If life give you lemons, squirt them in your enemy's eye..
Silence is better than bullshit
I never lose. Either i win or i learn.
You want to be at my level? Climb bitch!
attitude status for girl
People that aren't used to quality always chase quantity
Fuck everyone, it's just you in the end.
My attitude is like a mirror, only reflects what's presented in front of me.
Attitude, knowledge and skills are the best foundation of real beauty.
You have to be 'ODD' to be number 'ONE'.
Love me or hate me but you will never change me.
Who cares, I'm awesome!
Don't be a slave in heaven. Be a king of hell.
I'm an odd combination of "Really Sweet" and "Don't mess with me"
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people..
I can't trust someone who is friends with everyone.
I'm king of the town you can take a look around
This queen doesn't need a king.
If you don't have big dreams you'll end up working really hard for someone who does
It's not a problem if you always win
You're still going to get criticized, so you might as well do whatever the fuck you want
I ain't fuckin reserved..yo bitches be ready to serve.
Don't let someone dim your light, simply because it's shining in their eyes
I don't have time to hate anyone. I either love you, or I don't care at all
In a room full of art you'd still stare at me
best attitude status
If you show me you don't give a fuck, I'll show you that I'm better at it
There's no need to repeat yourself I ignored you fine the first time
You claim you don't like us yet you're with our every move
There is no 'way to peace,' there is only 'peace.
Peace is the only battle worth waging.
Peace begins with a smile.
The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind.
The more we sweat in peace the less we bleed in war.
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace.
You have peace," the old woman said, "when you make it with yourself.
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
If you go, go in Peace it makes the flowers sweeter along the path.
Peace hath higher tests of manhood, Than battle ever knew.
It is not enough to win a war; it is more important to organize the peace.
Even in midst of chaos and heartache, you can find peace.
Peace is always beautiful.
Peace brings with it so many positive emotions that it is worth aiming for in all circumstances.
I believe that eyes are very important motifs. That's something that can discern the peace and love.
If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Money cannot buy peace of mind. It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none.
Praying gives you a moment of peace; it's a chance to recharge your batteries so that you can go on with greater strength.
The hippies wanted peace and love. We wanted Ferrari's, blondes and switchblades.
If you want to conquer the anxiety of life, live in the moment, live in the breath.
We do not want riches, we want peace and love.
You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level.
If you love me as you say you do,' she whispered, 'make it so that I am at peace.
Peace and harmony can only remove human suffering, and degradation.
Nothing is wrong with peace and love. It is all the more regrettable that so many of Christ's followers seem to disagree.
Many people think excitement is happiness…. But when you are excited you are not peaceful. True happiness is based on peace.
You have everything you need for complete peace and total happiness right now.
But, thank God through the written word I can find joy, peace and comfort through life's trials.
When we place God at the center of our lives, we find un-explainable joy, balance and peace.
Inner peace will set you free from the shackles of everyday society, allowing you to be your true self under any circumstances.
We have all taken risks in the making of war. Isn't it time that we should take risks to secure peace?
Peace is its own reward.
Truth will always be the path to peace.
Five great enemies to peace inhabit with us: avarice, ambition, envy, anger and pride. If those enemies were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace.
Until he extends the circle of his compassion to all living things, man will not himself find peace.
Peace is a daily, a weekly, a monthly process, gradually changing opinions, slowly eroding old barriers, quietly building new structures.
Peace may sound simple – one beautiful word – but it requires everything we have, every quality, every strength, every dream, every high ideal.
Peace is every step.
Peace is costly but it is worth the expense.
I'm just an old hippie. You know, peace and love.
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.
By simplifying your life, you could find that niche of inner peace that everyone longs to have.
In order for there to be peace it may mean that a person needs to apologize for a wrong spirit, or attitude.
How come we play war and not peace? Too few role models.
You'll never find your true purpose or have lasting peace in your life making the pursuit of wealth or pleasure your god.
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace.
The Simple Path Silence is Prayer, Prayer is Faith, Faith is Love, Love is Service, The Fruit of Service is Peace.
