there is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
just play. have fun. enjoy the game.
a heart full of joy is better than a hand full of coins.
i just enjoy life now. i just enjoy every morning i get to wake up.
we must laugh before we are happy, for fear of dying without having laughed at all.
life has been kind to me. i am happy with the love and appreciation that i have been getting throughout my career. i feel blessed.
i am happy and i'm single.
i am happy with my confidence level.
i am blessed with a funny gene that makes me enjoy life.
i am happy because i'm grateful. i choose to be grateful. that gratitude allows me to be happy.
i think the key to life is just being a happy person, and happiness will bring you success.
i am happy with the way things are turning out for me because it is only my hard work and no one else's push.
i am happy to continue my journey through time.
isn't it cool when the days that are supposed to feel good, actually do?
i can say with full sincerity that i am happy. i'm happy because i'm doing what i love and i'm not selling out.
i feel i am lucky. i am grateful for this life that god has given me. i am happy, as i am getting to do work that i want to do and enjoy doing it.
happiness pulses with every beat of my heart.
simply enjoy life and the great pleasures that come with it.
life is like a roller coaster, live it, be happy, enjoy life.
the more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.
i enjoy life because i enjoy making other people enjoy it.
in all of the living, have much fun and laughter. life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.
happiness is just waiting for me to reach it, i know it now, so i just grabbed it on my way out.
happy is as happy does.
happiness is a habit – cultivate it.
when i am myself, i am happy and have a good result.
the art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
there is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
i've got nothing to do today but smile.
i all smile and it's all because of you 🙂 you know who you are 😉
a table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy?
i need you to be happy. i need one of us to be happy.
think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
to be happy means not only gain happiness but also to feel it.
happiness resides not in possessions and not in gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.
joy is prayer; joy is the strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
love. happiness. friendship. which part of my life are you?
the secret of happiness is to admire without desiring.
sometimes the things that you are most afraid of are the things that make you that happiest.
i am happy to say that i am living my dream.
live for the things that make you happy and just forget about all else, that is rule number one.
the best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.
i am happy being what i am.
i'm lucky enough to be with someone, and i am happy.
happiness is the soundtrack of my life.
being happy never goes out of style.
you like the person if you wish him happiness.
the greatest pleasure people can feel, is giving happiness to others.
i am happy and content with and within myself.
nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.
if you really love a person, a little smile can make you happy!
happiness is not a feeling… it is a choice…
happiness depends not on material things but on our view on the things.
the happiest is the one who brings happiness to the greatest number of people.
don't waste a minute not being happy. if one window closes, run to the next window or break down the door.
there's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.
to be happy does not only mean acquire happiness but also to feel it.
be happy with what you have. be excited about what you want.
be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good in everything.
dwell on the beauty of life. watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
the secret of being happy is accepting where you are in life and making the most out of every day.
thinks friends are like flowers – and is pretty happy with the beautiful bunch in their life!
to be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
be happy with being you. love your flaws. own your quirks. and know that you are just as perfect as anyone else, exactly as you are.
the secret of being happy is accepting where you are in life and making the most out of everyday.
a friend is one of the nicest things you can have, and one of the best things you can be.
count your age by friends, not years. count your life by smiles, not tears.
life is like riding bicycle. to keep your balance, you must keep moving.
positive thinking evokes more energy, more initiative and more happiness.
one of the sanest, surest and most generous joys of life comes from being happy over the good fortunes of others
life is better when you're laughing.
the purpose of our lives is to be happy.
hug harder. laugh louder. smile bigger. love longer.
be the reason someone smiles today.
true happiness comes from the heart.
i'd be happy to stay single now because i've always been in relationships. for the first time ever i can do what i want, when i want, with who i want, without answering to anyone."
if you aren't happy being single you will never be happy in a relationship. get your own life and love it first, then share it."
the pain of letting go and losing you is a relief compared to this pain in my heart of trying to hold on to you."
he who knows others is wise. he who knows himself is enlightened."
"to be exempt from the passions with which others are tormented, is the only pleasing solitude."
"sometimes you have to stand alone to prove that you can still stand."
i think it's time to be happy again.
life is short, time is fast, no replay, no rewind, so enjoy every moment as it comes.
i prefer to be crazy and happy rather than normal and bitter.
come on buddy! let us rejoice and play each other with colors and make our life colorful.
the key to being happy knowing you have the power to choose what to accept and what to let go.
happiness is a perfume. you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
accept what is, let go of what was, and have faith in what will be.
new year, new feels new chances. same dreams, fresh start.
whatever makes you feel bad, leave it. whatever makes you smile, keep it.
the best relationships are the ones you never saw coming.
there is no happy life, there are only happy days.
happiness is not in living a good life but in understanding and feeling what a good life is.
find someone who can change your life, and not just your relationship status.
happy life is in the peace of mind.
to be happy means not only gain happiness, but also to feel it.
i wore a pretty thing today - smile
don't worry. god is always on time.
no love is greater than mom's love, no care is greater than dad's care.
i'm all smiles and it's all because of you :) you know who you are ;)
thinks friends are like flowers - and is pretty happy with the beautiful bunch in their life!
be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. if you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough
if you don't have a smile, i can always give you one of mine.
we always have at least one reason to smile.
don't forget to smile because smiling is infectious.
the prettiest thing that you can wear cannot be found in stores or in your closet. the prettiest thing that you can wear is a smile.
you are never fully dressed without a smile. if you can manage to make a person smile, then you can change their whole world.
a smile may take just a moment, but the memory of that smile can last forever.
keep on smiling because life is beautiful and there is so much to smile about.
be the reason that someone has a smile on their face today.
when you smile it means that you can see miracles in life everyday.
a smile is the most beautiful curve on a woman's body.
your smile looks beautiful on you, you should wear it more often.
keep smiling, it makes people wonder what you are up to.
when you smile, i smile. smile quotes with beautiful pictures
think of the people you know who have great smiles. these smiles are warm, cheerful, and magnetic. how do those smiles make you feel? happy? hopeful? special? a good smile can be really contagious to those who see it. if we all smiled a little bit more, maybe there would be a little more happiness in the world. send some smile quotes to your loved one!
for many people, a smile can be the beginning of a good friendship. sometimes a smile can be the start of a wonderful romance.
some people might even find your smile attractive. an easygoing, happy demeanor can be attractive to most of us. and the best part of smiling is that it does not cost a thing. smiling is free, so why not do it considering all of the benefits?
if you start each day with a smile in the morning, you might be surprised at the positive energy that you will carry throughout the day. every day, try to think of the things that make you smile. whether you have a happy home or get to eat your favorite food for dinner tonight, we all have a reason to smile.
you are never fully dressed without a smile.
count your life with smiles, not tears.
if you can manage to make a person smile, then you can change their whole world.
when you smile, i smile.
a warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
a smile is the key that can fit the lock of anybody's heart.
smiling is the best way to face every problem, to crush every fear, and to hide every pain.
when you smile, you make life more beautiful.
you make my heart smile.
when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for a while.
everyone has a tendency to look better when they smile.
the smile on my face does not mean that everything in my life is perfect. life is never perfect and that is okay. my smile means that i appreciate what god has blessed me with.
i love it when you smile, but i love it even more when i am the reason behind your smile.
stop crying over yesterday and stat smiling about tomorrow.
smile and forgive because it is the only way to live.
every smile you make can make you a day younger.
a smile is the curve that sets everything straight.
always remember to be happy; you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
it is hard to concentrate when you are smiling at me.
your smile is what gets me throw the roughest days.
you make life more beautiful because of your smile.
when life gives you lemonade, make lemonade, but when live gives you limes, rearrange the letters until they can spell out a smile.
there are hundreds of thousands of different languages all around the world, but a smile speaks a universal language that we can all understand.
smile! it is free therapy.
never underestimate the power of your smile.
anyone who smiles automatically looks better.
a smile is one of the best beauty remedies that you can try.
touch the heart of the world and make it smile.
a smile is a universal welcome.
you can soften some of the hardest hearts with a simple smile.
it is better to forget and smile than to remember and be sad.
peace begins with a gesture as small as a smile.
find a reason to smile every day.
the smile of god is victory.
nothing that you wear is more important than the smile that you wear on your face.
most smiles are started by another smile.
everyone looks a lot better when they are smiling.
always wear a smile. a happy smile will never go out of season or out of fashion.
smile! it is good for your health.
nothing can beat a bright smile and a little bit of confidence.
if you can smile every day in your life, you might find that others will benefit from it as well.
a smile is a facelift that is in everybody's price range.
you have a smile that is so bright that it puts the sun to shame.
try to not get jealous of what others have. just because you see somebody smiling all the time, it does not mean that their life is perfect.
there is nothing quite like seeing a big smile on your child's face and hearing the everyone looks a lot better when they are smiling.
there is nothing quite like seeing a big smile on your child's face and hearing the sound of their laughter. that is when you know that you must be doing something right.
when you are raising your children, do not forget to smile every day. kids remember a lot more than you think and they will remember that their parents were happy and that they smiled and made good memories.
something as little and insignificant as a smile can be a good deed, especially those who need it the most.
if you want to make god smile, tell him your plans.
if you smile, things have a way of working out, though not always in the way you might expect.
at the end of the day, a fake smile is better than a nasty stare. smile even when you are nervous because it might help to calm you down.
real men smile when enemies appear.
those who weep recover more quickly than those who smile.
sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but other times your smile can also be the source of your joy.
find someone who knows how to make you smile.
on your journey through life, try your best to be nice to others and to smile.
smile even when nobody is watching.
live a life that you can look back on and smile about.
a kind heart is a fountain of gladness. it makes everything in its vicinity turn into a smile.
try to give your smile to a stranger today. it might be the only sunshine that they see all day.
a smile can be the most inexpensive way to change your looks.
a smile is the cheapest makeover that you can give yourself.
the world looks brighter from behind a radiant smile.
before you put on a frown, make sure that there aren't any smiles available first.
a smile is something that you cannot just give away. it will always come back to you.
all you need is one smile to stop a thousand tears.
keep on smiling and one day, life will get tired of upsetting you.
may we always greet one another with a smile.
smile because you are a lot stronger and wiser today than you were yesterday.
smile! why? because you can!
keep smiling. life is so beautiful and there is so much to smile about.
every smile that you give to others is an act of love.
the universe is brought back from the brink of destruction every time you smile.
it is always nice to have someone in your life that can have the ability to make you want to smile even when they are not around. just the very thought of that person will put a huge grin on your face.
any person can make you smile but it takes a really special individual to make you happy.
smile because none of us should take life too seriously. don't forget to have fun while you are out there living life.
it is nearly impossible to stay mad at someone who really knows how to make you smile.
i love that i can smile by just thinking about you.
all i know is that you are the one person who never fails to make me smile.
you may not realize it, but you are someone's reason to smile.
one kind word can change someone's day and put a smile on their face.
making someone else smile is the best feeling in the world.
if you can make even one person smile today, then you have had a very successful, productive day.
making one person smile can change the world. maybe not the whole world, but you will change their world.
make some memories that will make you want to smile even on your worst days.
sometimes all you need in life is something or someone that will make you smile.
keep your chin up and don't forget to smile. don't forget how beautiful you are, inside and out.
when a new day has begun, dare to smile gratefully.
smile! most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
keep smiling and love life. it is the only one that we get.
many people will laugh, some will make you cry, and very few will make you smile with happy tears in your eyes.
i am still wearing the smile that you gave me.
if you see me smiling, it means that i am up to no good. if you see me laughing, then it means that i have already done it.
your smile gives you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.
smile today and cry tomorrow.
there are many times when a smile is the beginning of a love story.
when you smile, it makes me melt.
you, my dear, know how to make my heart smile.
so many of my smiles begin with you.
i smile even when no one is around and i think that you are the reason for it.
you make me smile more than anyone else in the world.
i smile throughout every day because of you.
your smile is as bright as the sun as it rises in the morning to wake up the whole world.
smile today and let everyone know that you are a lot stronger today than you were yesterday.
put a smile on your face and fake it until you make it.
always remember to be happy. you never know who might be falling in love with your smile.
if you smile when no one is around you, then you really mean it.
smile because it makes you beautiful.
smile, even when you don't have a reason to.
a smile is the best makeup that any girl can wear.
everyone has some pain in their heart. some hide it in their eyes while others hide it in their smile.
your smile has healing in it, so remember to make your smile a big one.
smile! it is the second best thing to do with your lips.
one of the best things in the world is knowing that someone is smiling because of you.
i smile because you are my sibling. i laugh because there is nothing that you can do about it.
i am smiling because you have all finally driven me insane.
i hope you never lose your priceless smile.
no matter how busy you get, try to stop for a minute and smile.
smile because you are the maker of your own destiny.
it is easy to smile when you know how much god loves you.
a smile has the magical ability to transform the negative into something positive.
smile knowing that you did the best that you could do.
smiling has always been easier than having to explain to others why you are sad.
oftentimes it is the biggest smile that hides the saddest heart.
turn that frown upside down and smile!
a sad day is worth a smile because a smile makes everything a little better.
never regret something that once made you smile.
keep your head up, stay strong, fake a smile, and move on.
the most beautiful kind of smile is the one that struggles through tears.
behind a person's smile is everything that you will never understand.
you can fake a smile, but you can see the truth in your eyes.
there will always be a part of me that smiles when i think of you.
do not cry because it is over. smile because it happened.
a smile is the best makeup any girl can wear.
never underestimate the importance of having a person in your life who can always make you smile.
when a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.
you have to promote yourself; you have to have this smile on your face all the time and be this nice guy – which i am!
you make me smile like no one did before.
sometimes people have to cry out their tears to make room for a heart full of smiles.
always keep your smile. that's how i explain my long life.
it's so hard not to smile.
allowing yourself to smile takes 99% of the effort.
all the statistics in the world can't measure the warmth of a smile.
the world always looks brighter from behind a smile.
wear a smile — one size fits all.
smiling is my favorite exercise.
smile at a stranger. see what happens.
a smile makes your eyes friendlier.
smiling often makes your mood better.
smiling and laughing reduces stress.
smiles strengtheners your body on a cellular level.
a big smile makes your brain feel good.
if you want to be happy, be.
i like people that enjoy life, 'cause i do the same.
the best vitamin to be a happy person is b1.
enjoy life. there's plenty of time to be dead.
there is no way to happiness – happiness is the way.
happiness depends upon ourselves.
life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.
happiness is a well-balanced combination of love, labor, and luck.
don't put the key to happiness in someone else's pocket.
true happiness is… to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.
happiness is like a kiss. you must share it to enjoy it.
i get way too much happiness from good food.
i am happy that i can challenge myself in various fields.
some pursue happiness, others create it.
the secret of life is enjoying the passage of time.
i have only two kinds of days: happy and hysterically happy.
i'm happy, and i think being happy keeps you looking young.
i am working and improving every day, and i am happy with my work.
i do not want horses or diamonds – i am happy in possessing you.
life is this simple – birth, eat, drink, play, explore, and relate to family and friends; be happy and enjoy life…!
i decided to fly through the air and live in the sunlight and enjoy life as much as i could.
my crown is called content, a crown that seldom kings enjoy.
i enjoy life when things are happening. i don't care if it's good things or bad things. that means you're alive.
i just want to tell the world how happy i am right now and how proud i am of myself today.
the best feeling in the world is when you feel like you are floating in cloud nine, happiness.
i fell in love with this journey called life and i am loving every second, i am happy all day.
you do not need to be afraid of life. you are here to enjoy it.
i'm just going to go live life. i'm going to go enjoy life. i have nothing left to hide. i am kind of a free person, a free soul.
the most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.
i believe that god put us in this jolly world to be happy and enjoy life.
if you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment.
i like what i am doing and there is freedom in doing the things that you like, so i am happy.
happiness is a habit cultivate it.
i all smile and it's all because of you you know who you are
you cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
be happy not be because everything is good, but because you can see the good.
the only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are.
the secret of being happy is accepting where you are in life and making the most out of everyday
the key to being happy is knowing you have the power to choose what to accept and what to let go.
time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
happiness is where we find it, but very rarely where we seek it.
honestly as long as you're who the hell cares.
it's a hello start, being able to recognize what makes you happy.
you don't gain anything from stressing remember that.
don't worry be happy sms in english
love happiness friendship which part of my life are you?
be with someone who feels like home.
happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.
the most important thing is to enjoy your life to be happy it's all that matters.
sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
do more what makes you happy.
be believing, be happy, don't get discouraged things will work out.
you make me happy in a way no one else can.
bad days build better days.
there are two ways to be happy, change the situation, or change the mindset towards it.
learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
being happy doesn't mean you're perfectly just means
you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
it's all about those happy moments with you.
i just find myself happy with the simple things appreciating the blessings god gave me.
if people are talking behind your back, be happy that you are one in front.
the talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have.
be happy with what you have, be excited about what you want.
dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
if you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.
sometimes happiness is feeling. sometimes it's a decision.
happiness is a choice you cannot choose what happens, but you can choose your reaction to it and be happy.
you can never be really happy if you keep holding to those bad memories which makes you sad.
happiness is not something readymade. it comes from your own actions.
the only joy in the world is to begin.
do not worry be happy in life.
i'm finally smiling for me again.
keep smiling and one-day life will get tired of upsetting you.
happiness is like a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible.
happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close knit family in another city.
do things that make you happy within the confines of the legal system.
i choose to be happy today.
happiness is opening christmas presents.
honestly as long as you're who the hell cares.there is no path to happiness. happiness is the path.
the happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
happiness can be found even in the darkest of time, if one day only remembers to turn on the light.
happiness is a journey. not a destination.
all seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.
success is not the key to happiness. happiness is the key to success. if you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
the foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
a happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships.
happy people plan actions, they don't plan results.
happiness is a conscious choice, not an automatic response.
if only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time.
the best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
the person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping.
the happiness of society is the end of government.
happy is entirely up to you and always has been.
being happy with you is my favorite thing to do.
happiness is always knocking on your door you just got to let it in.
talking about someone who makes you happy actually makes you happy.
the secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.
happiness comes from within, not from without.
happiness is not the absence of problems, but the ability to deal with them.
if being happy is important to you, try this: instead of regretting all you lack, celebrate all you've got.
nothing can bring you happiness but yourself.
happy thoughts fill your life with happiness.
deal with your problem before they deal with your happiness.
if you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal not to people or objects.
happiness is the art of learning how to get joy from your substance.
you've got to love what you do to really make things happen.
trying to be happy without giving to others is like trying to kiss alone.
happiness adds and multiplies, as we divide it with others.
be happy, be bright, be you.
if i make you happy, i'm happy.
being happy is something that each of us determines, it is not something that we find outside of yourself, it is within us and our choice.
be happy in front of your haters, it kills them.
there are so many beautiful reasons to be happy.
find happiness in making others happy.
today is going to be a really, really good day.
we ignored truths for temporary happiness
be so happy, that when others look at you they become happy too.
jesus is in the happiness business.
if you love me raise your hand and you don't then raise your standard.
hello, i'm a thief, and i'm here to steal your heart.
girl, you better have a license, because you are driving me crazy!
i can't read lips unless they're touching mine.
if love was easy, there would be almost no music.
love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
love is master key that is capable of opening a gate of happiness.
friendship is not a big thing … it's a million little things.
most emotional moment in a boys life, when a girl says, can you give me your number
love is not what you can receive,it's all about what you can give.
i know i'm not perfect,but there is no defect in my love
i will be yours, you will be mine and together we will be one love.
falling in love is like the rain .. it's unpredictable
when i said .. i love you .. i meant it.
love is cute when it's new, but love is most beautiful when it lasts.
life is not the amount of breaths you take, it's the moments that take your breath away..
if life really does flash before your eyes, i only want to see pictures of you and me
beautiful face, beautiful body, horrible attitude. it was the holy trinity of hot boys.
the best mirror is an old friend.
a friend is a person who says always nice things about you behind your back.
a single rose can be my garden… a single friend, my world.
walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
friendship is so weird… you just pick a human you've met and you're like 'yup i like this one' and you just do stuff with them.
that awesome moment when you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you.
my best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
life is a party whenever i'm with you. you turn my tears into smiles when we share and laugh together.
you make me spend a lot and it is worth it because i care about you my friend.
everyone has a gift for something, even if it is the gift of being a good friend.
when friendships are real, they are not glass threads or frost work, but the solidest things we can know.
best friends are sent from the heavens. they provider a shoulder to cry on during heartbreaks.
friends are notes to life's great songs. a melody that carries you along.
it is better to live alone. there is no friendship with a fool.
good friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, impossible to forget.
true friends are placed together for the purpose of accomplishing great achievements that help others.
the better part of one's life consists of his friendships.
good friends will share the umbrella. best friends will steal it and yell run loser run!
i love god, my three children, mother, father, brother, sisters, family in general, my pets, my students, and true friends.
a true friend sees the first tear… catches the second… and stops the third.
believes that the best place to look for someone to make you happy is in the mirror! accept who you are and be content, god made you that way!
do what makes you happy,be with the ones who make you smile:) laugh as much as you breathe&love as long as you live;live your life crazy and love every second.
happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
at this very moment my life is flying down the highway at 100 mph in the direction of the happiness i always dreamed of but never thought possible.
today i choose life. every morning when i wake up i can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain… to feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices – today i choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. kevyn aucoin quotes
sometimes…unexpected things bring great happiness…
thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. happiness never decreases by being shared.
a smile is happiness you'll find right under your nose.
being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections
has so many reasons to keep smiling.
friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
i'm loved by the best and hated by the rest.
always remember someone else has it harder then you, be happy and thankful.
is happy because she finally realized who's real, who's worth the pain, & who just has to go away.
being beautiful doesn't make you happy, but being happy makes you beautiful.
if someone can make you laugh when you're about to cry, don't give up on them. they're the true meaning of happiness.
these are the moments i thank god that i'm alive, these are the moments i'll remember all my life, i found all i've waited for and i could not ask for more…
the happiest people don't have the best of everything. they just make the best of everything. love generously care deeply speak kindly leave the rest to god.'
happiness is always knowing your dog is there for you.
there is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. george sand quotes
happiness comes from being satisfied and thankful for what you have, not from chasing something that you don't…
happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort. franklin d. roosevelt quotes
don't look for happiness, create it..
true happiness is finding that one person in a lifetime that you can be yourself with, say anything to and know they will understand you. never let them go!
you can never be truly happy until you let go of all the hate, anger and negative energy in your life.
you may not be where you want to be in your life, but love where you are. cherish the moment. always remember the key to happiness is within not without.
to those who have passed i miss you, to those who are in my life i love you, to those who i've yet to meet i welcome you.
go on and smile, it's free
the key to life's happiness is to stop worrying about what others think of you and just be the best person you can be…
happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
happiness is a choice. you can choose to be happy. there's going to be stress in life, but it's your choice whether you let it affect you or not.
let us never know what old age is. let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years.
be happy for this moment. this moment is your life. omar khayyam quotes
some days are just bad days, that's all. you have to experience sadness to know happiness, and i remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is! dita von teese quotes
'to enjoy the rainbows, you gotta go through some rain.'
'discover your truth and find happiness'
you and i are like a puzzle perfect to fit together when we are watch each other but when we're apart its impossible to put the puzzle together when missing pieces.
happiness keeps you sweet trials keep you strong sorrows keep you human failures keeps you humble success keeps you glowing love keeps you going…
happiness is about being thankful for the little things in life… and the best things are always free.
expect less and you would be more happy than ever.
true happiness lies within yourself, it doesn't come from others.
realize that true happiness lies,within you. waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside.
you don't need to do everything just to be happy. you just need to take care of the people who are making you happy.
knows life can be happier & stress-free if we remember 1 simple thought.
we can't have all that we desire, but god will give us all that we deserve!
happiness is… love, music, art, travel, books, food, photos, nature, film, design, retro style…and other things that make me smile.
life's too short not to be happy. dance like no one is watching, sing like no one is listening, love like it will last forever and live like today is your last.
when your heart beats for someone, its amazing.when your heart skips a beat for someone, its breathtaking.
the person who gives you unexplained happiness will always be the reason for your unexplained sadness…
'the unthankful heart… discovers no mercies; but the thankful heart… will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings.'
if you don't make mistakes, you aren't really trying or aren't trying hard enough.
i'm not failed…my success is just postponed for some time.
if you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten.
there is only 1 thing 2 do, 3 words for you – i love you
let your smile change the world. don't let the world change your smile.
can honestly say they's feeling the happiest they's felt in a really long time :
be happy for this moment. this moment is life.
it's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
every moment i am happy and spreading happiness around.
today i choose life, i choose happiness.
there is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
the most simple things can bring the most happiness.
happiness can only exist only in acceptance.
remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
to be happy is not to get more, but to give more.
'the moments of happiness we enjoy take us by surprise. it is not that we seize them, but that they seize us.'
'it isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. it is what you think about.'
'there is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.'
happiness is not something ready made. it comes from your own actions.
a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
it isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. it is what you think about it.
success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get
'happiness depends upon ourselves.'
the advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.
happiness is a pizza that i don't have to share
I’ve had such a wonderful and relaxing holiday. I feel like I’m on top of the world!
My friend just got a new job and also bought a new car. He is such a happy camper at the moment.
Oh, I just got promoted, and I’m on cloud nine.
She bought a new house, so she is over the moon now.
This school football team won two championships. They are over the moon!
She’s passed her B2 English exam. She’s on cloud nine!
I just got a new bike, and I feel like a dog with two tails.
I feel full of the joys of spring because I’ve started dating this new guy.
I finally passed my driving test. I’m as happy as a dog with two tails!