The most painful memory is that.. when I walked away and you let me go.
My silence is just another word for my PAIN.
I'm leaving for our own Good, Now i am happy, how about you?
I like to listen sad Song, when I'm sad to make me double sad…
People cry not because they are weak, It's because they've been strong for too long.
I fall too fast, crush too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much.
I Feel I'm missing ,something in my life these days…
I hope you'll realize how much you're hurting me someday.
From outside I am Smiling But It does not mean I am Happy…
If you give up on me, I'm going to give up on me too.
A beautiful girl with gorgeous EYES, a hidden world of HURT & LIES.
In Life Sometimes, you have to smile to hide your fears and laugh to hide your tears…
Make the most beautiful Mistakes, mine is you.
I'm slowly giving up.
I know my silence and my tears will heal my pain.
The most painful Moment are those which were never said and never explained….
I'm not afraid to fall in LOVE, I'm afraid to fall for a wrong person again.
It's sad to be happy alone in Life.
You're the only exception.
One Of The Difficult Things In Life Is Having The Words In Your Heart That You Can Not Speak to anyone.
I am not happy without you in Life.
BEING IGNORED, worst feeling ever.
I hate missing someone and not being able to do anything about it.
But the all didn't see the little bit of sadness in me.
Out of all lies you have told….. was my favorite.
Life is short, there is no time to leave important words UNSAID.
Never put your happiness in someone else's hands.
Truth hurts for a little Time while, but lies hurt for a lifetime…
It's never the tear that measure the PAIN, sometimes its the SMILE we fake.
I always found the right one on wrong time.
Silence is the most powerful SCREAM.
The greatest pain that comes from love, is loving someone who are not here…
I miss how you always MADE time for me.
Never give up on someone you cant spend a day not thinking about
Please BURN my sad memories.
SLEEP away the sadness of today.
Loneliness doesn't KILL, but sometimes i wish it DID.
I want you to be FREE, but i can watch you SOAR away from me.
The CURE of anything is salt WATER – Sweat, Tear, or the SEA.
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
I just want to fall asleep until i don;t miss you anymore.
One Of The Hardest Things To Do.Is To Delete Old Messages Which is sent by the GF.
Sometimes it's better to be alone. Nobody can hurt you in life!
Why be mean to animals when they treat u better then people
How did I go from being so happy, to so sad…
Is having one of those days where they feels like they can't do anything right.
Going to keep all secrets to myself since some people i can't trust.
life's so shit it makes wot comes out the dog's ass look good!
Is finally driven to the point were they finds comfort in lies and shuns the truth.
I'm slowly giving up.
Its better to be lonely then to be played by wrong people.
Some nights I burn in the fire of my own thoughts
Life goes on without you!
I'm used to it Sometimes It's better to be alone… No one can hurt you.
Sometimes i want to die for a day and just watch and see who really cares.
It actually kills me when we don't talk, it kills me when you ignore me, it kills me when you're busy with your life
If you see a friend without a smile; give him one of yours.
Sorrow is like a precious treasure, shown only to friends.
It's great when two strangers become friends, but its sad when two friends become strangers.
The Part that Hurts Me the Most, Is Knowing that I Once Had U And Then Lost U.
The most painful goodbye's are those which were never said and never explained….
It's sad how people become what they had promised they never will.
Missing someone + No text from them = Worst feeling.
I was your cure and you were my disease, I was saving you, and you were killing me.
I will never stop caring, but if you decide to push me away, I will go.
Sometimes It's better to be alone…No one can hurt you.
Every time I start trusting someone, they show me why I shouldn't.
The worst feeling is when you smile at your crush, but they don't even acknowledge your existence.
Everyone leaves, learn how to survive alone.
You can never love people as much as you can miss them
Depression is like a heaviness that you can't ever escape. It crushes down on you, making even the smallest things like tying your shoes or chewing on toast seem like a twenty-mile hike uphill. Depression is a part of you; it's in your bones and your blood.
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
If we aren't capable of being hurt we aren't capable of feeling joy.
Wounds make better lessons than lectures.
Being brokenhearted is like having broken ribs. On the outside it looks like nothing's wrong, but every breath hurts.
Sometimes, being hurt too many times, doesn't make you stronger, it destroy who you were, who you wanted to be and makes who you are today.
What hurts us is what heals us !
worry less smile more
Good things take time
Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you.
Do you know the feeling, when your heart is so hurt, that you could feel the blood dripping?
That old saying, how you always hurt the one you love, well, it works both ways.
Just because somebody is strong enough to handle pain doesn't mean they deserve it.
It's a lot easier to be angry at someone it is to tell them you're hurt!!
No matter how beautiful a lie is, in the end it hurts even more than truth would have done
The surest way to hurt yourself is to give up on love, just because it didn't work out the first time!
It hurts too much so I don't want to talk about it
It hurts to have someone in your heart that you can't have in your arms
When someone stabs you it's not your fault that you feel pain.
Just because one person's problem is less traumatic than another's doesn't mean they're required to hurt less.
its to hurt nani
I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more...
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.
If someone really wants to hurt you, they'll find a way whatever. I don't want to live my life worrying about it.
It doesn't hurt to feel sad from time to time
Nobody can hurt you without your permission !
It hurts when you realize you aren't as important to someone as you thought you were.
I fell this pain
The best apology is changed behavior.
I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare!
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad. Do you agree with that..?
Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is!
Dying seems less sad than having lived too little...
I wish I could turn back the hands of time.. Back to the days when you were mine
Under my smile there are lies and under those lies is the truth !
The beginning of love is rapture, the end is torture.
My sadness has become an addiction when I'm not sad, I feel lost.I start to panic trying to find my way back which leads me back to my original state,..
Grief is not as heavy as guilt, but it takes more away from you.
The past cannot hurt you anymore, not unless you let it.
My silence spoke a thousand words, but you never heard them…
I'Ve Been Sad For Years. Don'T Tell Me It Gets Better.
Sometimes All You Need Is One Person Who Cares.
Crying allows your eyes to speak when your mouth can no longer explain how broken your heart is.
Sometimes what you don't say is more powerful than what you do say.
People cry not because they are weak, It's because they've been strong for too long.
The scars you can't see are the hardest to heal.
It's so hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
you can always hold back the tears and keep yourself sane- until someone asks if you're okay, that is.
For some moments in life there are no words.
You aren't the person I knew back then…
It's sad how people become what they had promised they never will.
I am more broken than you think…
It hurts to breathe because every breath I take proves I can't live without you.
I bet you don't remember half of the things I'll never forget.
No one in this world can take away the loneliness that you gave me.
Usually, people think that I'm a strong, happy person..but behind my smiles they just don't know how much I'm in pain and almost broken..
If You Left Me Without Any Reason, Don't Come Back With An Excuse.
I Close My Eyes & Dream Of A Time When I Wasn't All Alone.
I Always Like Walking In The Rain, So No One See Me Crying.
Sometimes in life, dark clouds come and hide the sun, but that doesn't mean the sun is really gone!
It takes a lifetime to live, but it only takes a second to die.
i overthink, overlove, overfeel and overstress
You think you want to die, but you only want to be saved!
Sometimes you need to break free from any commitment, you don't bare to feel blamed, stressed, responsible for anything or anyone, it doesn't mean you are being selfish, it just signfies you have been doing that for so long and you have all the right to get tired, to have your own space and time, to lay down your head and feel you are just a floating light creature, swinging in a peaceful horizon..
Silent tears hold the loudest pain
I'm not okay but I smile anyways
I don't know what I feel anymore
People always ask me whats up… i tell them nothing I'm fine. I want someone to care enough and want me to tell the truth about how I REALLY feel. Someone I want to meet. Someone who would call me only to hear my voice!
That's impossible nowadays
Sad thing is: When they say ‘forever' they mean, until they find someone better
That smile, it's fake,That laugh, it isn't real,It's only a wish,That sometime somewhere,I will find some happiness.
I don't run away I walk away slowly and it kills me to know you don't care enough to follow me.
I'll follow my brain even though it might be against my heart...
I miss you.
I miss the way you held me, the way you told me you loved me, I miss it all.
Years passed ,And here i am, alone missing you!
Maybe it's true we don't know what we have until we lost it, but maybe it's also true that we don't know what we're missing until we get it ...!!
The pain is there to remind Me that I am still alive.
Only you can put a smile on my face when i am sad.
I am invisible,until someone needs me.
I Am Not Alone, I Am Lonely With Out You.
Every relationship is messed up. What makes it perfect is if you still want to be there when things really suck.
Sometimes it's better to be alone, No one can hurt you that way.
People say never give up, but sometimes, giving up is the best option because, you realise you're just wasting your time.
I Miss You But I Am Not Going To Text You First, Because I Want To See If You Miss Me More.
Remember, On One Can Make You Feel, Inferior Without Your Consent.
Your heart is the most precious part of you, never donate it to someone who doesn't appreciate it.
You make me feel like I'm going in spirals, I don't know what to do.
The wrong person will never give you what you want, but they'll make sure they get what they want from you.
Thank you for breaking my heart, because without that I wouldn't be the person I am today with the person I love.
Sometimes it's easier to pretend you don't care than to admit its killing you
You have a place in my heart no one else ever could have.
One day you'll find someone who doesn't care about your past because they want to be your future.
I could make you happy, too, if only you'd give me a chance.
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.
Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will follow you.
Sometimes there is so much we feel but so little we can say.
All gracefulness, it seems, is tinged with sadness.
As a rule, our minds are sad.
Dear heart, please stop getting involved in Everything.Your job is just to pump blood,So stick to it.
Everyone wants to be happy.No one wants to be sad and get pain.But you can't make a rainbow without a little rain.
Sometimes It's better to be alone…No one can hurt you.
Isn't it sad that you are hurt so much that finally you can say I'm used to it
204 countries,805 Islands,7 seas,7+ Billion people and I'm single!!!
Time does't really Heal the heart.It just makes the heart forget all the pain.
The most painful goodbye's are those which were never said and never explained.
Every time I start trusting someone,they show me why I shouldn't.
My silence is just another word for pain
They ignore you until they need you
Have you ever wondered what what hurts you most…Saying something that you wished had not or not saying anything and wish you had???
The worst feeling is pretending as if you don't care at all,When in reality that's all you can think of.
You just can't please everybody.
It's sad how people become what they had promised they never will.
Pain is the only thing that's telling me I'm still alive.
Here you can find 30 Best Attitude Status for Whatsapp.
A relationship is only made for two….but some just forget how to count.
Life is like a roller coaster.It has is up's and down's but it's up to weather to enjoy the ride or not.
Why does life keeps teaching me lessons that I've no desire to learn.
Hate is like acid.It damages the vessel in which it is stored and destroys the vessel in which it it is poured.
If it's not a happy ending then it's not the ending at all.
My tears are like anchors that sink my heart to the depths of the deepest ocean….
It hurts when you have someone in your heart but can't have in your arms.
Everybody is going to hurt you you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
I am not worthy of being in love…
I'm lost without love.
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
I fought to keep your love,you didn't fight to keep mine.That's the difference between you and me.
I don't understand the love at all..I guess it;s beauty is only at the beginning..
I never stopped loving you, I just stopped showing it
If you leave without a reason dont come back with an excuse.
I did everything right for someone that does everything wrong..
It sucks how some people use you when they need you and then they put you aside like you didn't even matter to them from the beginning…
Love is the person you think about during the sad songs…
Heart broken quotes with pictures sad whatsapp status
She is the kind of girl who is always smiling and loves to laugh
Temporary happiness isn't worth long term pain…
I was born the day you kissed me, and I died inside the night you left me. But I lived, oh how I lived while you loved me.
Pretending like u dont care about ur past & acting like u've moved on..hurts alot !sad whatsapp status
The only time I realized I fell in love with you was the only moment I found out that you had already belonged to someone else.
People walk away easily but they leave their memories with us forever…. sad whatsapp status
If a man wants you, nothing can keep him away. If he doesn't want you, nothing can make him stay.
When people can walk away from you, let them walk. Your destiny is never tied to anybody who left.
Did I change or did you just stop loving me…
When people can walk away from you, let them walk. Your destiny is never tied to anybody who left.
I need some Time alone with Myself.
i looked into the eyes of who i thought was an angel i didnt know i was looking into the eyes of who would cause me hell
I wonder if you know what you are doing to me…
No one will ever understand how much it hurts
I remember all those crazy things you said, you left them running through my head. You are always there, you are everywhere. But right now I wish you were here.
Every heart has a pain. Only the way of expressing it is different. Fools hide it in eyes, while the brilliant hide it in their smile.
What do you do when the only one who can make you stop crying is the one who is making you cry?
Want to get your Ex back? Check this out: How to Get the Ex Back
Among all d toys in the world people choose feelings to play with!
I hate it when you talk to someone every single day and then it stops. All of a sudden neither of you say a word to each other
Never put your happiness in someone else's hands…
My sadness has become an addiction when i'm not sad,i feel lost.I start to panic trying to find my way back which leads me back to my original state.
We are not close anymore but i'll be here if you need me
I remember all those crazy things you said, you left them running through my head. You are always there, you are everywhere. But right now I wish you were here
There is only one happiness in life, To Love and be Loved
It's hard to wait around for something that you know might not happen but it's even harder to give up,when you know it's everything you ever wanted…
mirror iz mah bst frnd cOz whenevr i cry it nvr laughs
I'm here waiting for you….but you never come…..
I was born with an enormous need for affection and a terrible need to give it….
There is no such beauty as that which is found in…
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen, but it's even harder to give up when it's everything you want.
They don't love me,they know me when they need me…
Before you make more promises, learn the meaning of forever.
Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
If you leave without a reason dont come back with an excuse.
Never trust those people who don't understand your feelings
Once upon a time I was falling in love, but now I'm only falling apart. sad whatsapp status
But they all didn't see the little bit of sadness in me….
If you love me, let me know. If not, please gently let me go.
Being in-love with someone who doesnt want you is the worst feeling ever.
Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in a drought – useless and disappointing.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one u love, love somebody else.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
You cant trust no one in this world anymore .. sad whatsapp status
LoVe Isn't a thing that you can play with. You will know the value of love when you get a true love and someone else play with you…
I love crying in the rain. because when i do, no one can hear the pain.
The saddest thing in the world, is loving someone who used to love you.
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
Listen to your heart before you tell him goodbye.
Some say its painful to wait someone. Some say its painful to forget someone. But the worst pain comes when you don't know whether to wait or forget
All I know is that I'm lost without you.
You know my name not my story…
One will never appreciate love when it's still around until it gets away.
Sometimes it takes losing something to realize what you've had…
Never make someone a priority, when all you are to them is an option.
The hottest love has the coldest end.
Loneliness has taught me many everything in this worldexcept one thing..how to forget the one who made me lonely
When you are in love and you get hurt, it's like a cut… it will heal, but there will always be a scar.
I hate it when crying is the only way to feel better
This is the problem with getting attached to someone. When they leave, you just feel lost.
My heart cant love you anymore, because you have boken it.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone eles
Every heart has a pain.Only the way of expressing it is different. Fools hide it in eyes, while the brilliant hide it in their smile.
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen, but it's even harder to give up when it's everything you want.
I'm sad, Because I don't know how and where I find my heart. I,m worry, Because I still cannot find my heart.
One of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love, love someone else.
I hate it when crying is the only way to feel better sad whatsapp status
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain.
We always thought we'd look back on our tears and laugh, but we never thought we'd look back on our laughter and cry.
Sometimes you need to take a breath, stop pointing the finger, and take a glance in the mirror.
itz betTer to be not lovEd dan a fakE luvd..!
I never stopped loving you, I just stopped showing it
I hate when i am laying in bed looking out my window for the moon and stars,but i can't find the Moon…
How could an angel break my heart? Why didn't he catch my falling star? I wish I didn't wish so hard. Maybe I wished our love apart.
We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore the ones who ignore us.
If i need to choose between your life and my life, i always choose yours cause without you there wont be any part of life left for me too.
The hardest to do is waking up without you.
Sometimes you hurt the ones who love you most.Sometimes You hold the one's who leave you lost.And sometimes you learn but it' s too late it's too late!!!!
There are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds.
Never be sad for what is over,just be glad that it was once yours… sad whatsapp status
He taught me how to love, but not how to stop.
Hearts are not had as a gift, But hearts are earned…
I would rather lose you a thousand time then to never have met you one time
Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together
When you are in love and you get hurt, it's like a cut… it will heal, but there will always be a scar. sad whatsapp status
Be careful who you fall in love with,cause someone somewhere not approve…
Don't give special place to any one in your heart. Its easy to give that place but it hurts more when they don't know the value of that place
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain.
You want me to act like we've never kissed, you want to forget; pretend we've never met, and I've tried and I've tried, but I haven't yet … You walk by, and I fall to pieces.
When you get hurt in love, there are very few things that actually help get over the pain.
The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.
I Feel So Stupid for Still Loving You : sad whatsapp status
Loneliness better than gathering.
I don't think you know what you are doing to me..
Everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
I tried really hard, I promise. But one day I just woke up and I couldn't handle it anymore
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain.
What do you do when the only one who can make you stop crying is the one who is making you cry?
It hurts when you have someone in your heart but can't have in your arms.
Almost everyone has suffered painful and sad when falling in love. That is a inevitable part when two people in love with each other.
As soon as forever is through, I'll be over you.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Loving you was my favorite mistake.
Wish i could never hear you talk about loving me. Coz now, when i am all alone it haunts me.
Pleasure of love lasts but a moment. Pain of love lasts a lifetime.
Sometimes i keep my feelings to myself because its hard for someone else to understand them ?
I tried to forget you, but the harder I tried, the more I thought about you
Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is!
When you're around someone so much, for so long, they become a part of you. And when they change or go away, you don't know who you are without them.
One of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love, love someone else.
Don't give special place to any one in your heart. Its easy to give that place but it hurts more when they don't know the value of that place
May it's not about the happy ending.May be it's about story…
Every heart has a pain. Only the way of expressing it is different. Fools hide it in eyes, while the brilliant hide it in their smile.
He was the prestigious gift I have ever had …. but I was the game that he played..
If a man wants you, nothing can keep him away. If he doesn't want you, nothing can make him stay.
The best way to mend a broken heart is time and girlfriends.
I have too many fantasies to be a housewife.I guess i am a fantasy…
I remember all those crazy things you said, you left them running through my head. You are always there, you are everywhere. But right now I wish you were here. sad whatsapp status
I tried to forget you, but the harder I tried, the more I thought about you2
Don't take me for granted,cause unlike the rest.I am not afraid to walk away….
Yesterday I was sad today i am happy yesterday i had a problem today i still have the same problem..
Best friends are there for you. But real best friends? They aren't exist…
Breaking up is just like having the worst nightmare after having the best dream.
It's sad when you realize you aren't as important to someone as you thought you were
I would rather die alone than to see a crowd attempting to talk me out of it; for they were not there when depression devoured my heart.
I'll be okay is that what you want to say..??? sad whatsapp status
You are always there for me and so you give me the courage to stand alone.
Some say its painful to wait someone. Some say its painful to forget someone. But the worst pain comes when you don't know whether to wait or forget
The worst way to love someone is to sit next to them,knowing they don't love you back.
Our sweetest songs are those that tell of the saddest thoughts.
Its hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone if your heart still does.
Everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
This is the problem with getting attached to someone. When they leave, you just feel lost.
I love crying in the rain. because when i do, no one can hear the pain.
Never make someone a priority, when all you are to them is an option.
A feeling of sadness seemingly without a cause..
Sometimes it's hard to love someone because you're so afraid of losing them.
Ppl step on feet and say sorry but sometimes they walk on heart and yet dey dnt realise
Cry as I may these tears won't wash you away.
Breaking up doesn't mean that no more love is left; it's more of trying to save the love that's left.
I just want to feel like I belong..
Life's a prison when you're in love alone…
Tears are words the hard can't express.
Sometimes I think why I'm alive?
I know i never even had any chance with you but it still hurts seeing you with someone…
It was love at first sight. Until reality struck like lightning and burnt up everything leaving me with nothing but scars.
If you love me won't you let me know..!! sad whatsapp status
Love comes at first sight; injuries too.
I don't care for Those, who don't care for me …
I will never come in Ur life Again..
Sleeping because you are upset..
It's sad to be happy alone in Life..
Why be upset about the people that don't want or need U in their life…?
!Its better to be lonely then, to be played by Bad people.
I Feel I'm missing ,something in my life these days. ..
Its better to be lonely then to be Love by wrong Girl..
I know my silence and my tears will heal my pain..
The greatest pain that comes from love, is loving someone who are not here…
My silence is just an other word for my pain…
There is No Shortcut for Sucess in life…??
I hope you will realize how much you are hurting me…!!
Never put your own happiness in someone else hands.
Feeling Very Bad Today….!!
I am not upset because our relationship is dying, I am upset because you aren't doing anything to save it.
It hurts, but it's OK.. I'm used to it.
In reality, no one cares, they're just curious.
Sometimes you just have to smile, pretend everything's okay, hold back the tears, and just walk away!
A fake smile can hide a million tears.
I hide all my scars with an "I'm Fine".
My silence is just another word for my pain.
I'm not alone because loneliness is always with Me..
I am only good at hiding my feelings.
Feelings are just visitors, let them come and go.
Behind my smile is everything you'll never understand.
Smile and no one will see how broken you are inside.
I feel like a balloon… Looking bright and cheerful, but empty and lonely inside.
Some people are like clouds. When they go away, it's a brighter day.
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, it's a brighter day.
This isn't a status… this is just to show that no status matches my feelings right now.
And, I'm sad. Again.
Feeling empty inside
Sometimes it's better to be alone, nobody can hurt you.
Loneliness doesn't kill but sometimes i wish it did.
I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.
You just can't please everybody.
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
Expectation has always been my reason for loss.
Don't ever put your happiness in someone else's hands. They'll drop it. They'll drop it every time.
People walk away easily but they leave their memories with us forever.
This is the problem with getting attached to someone, when they leave, you just feel lost.
BEING IGNORED, worst feeling ever.
The worst feeling ever is when you're crying in silence because you don't want anyone to know you are.
The worst feeling isn't being lonely but being forgotten by someone you can't forget.
It's hard to move on when memories are pulling you back.
Sometimes, memories are the reason why we can't move on.
I hate getting flashbacks from things I don't want to remember.
I wish we could choose which memories to remember.
The mind replays what the heart can't delete.
Sometimes we know that we cannot change the situation but we cannot make our heart understand. It keeps aching.
The worst feeling in the world is knowing you've been used and lied to.
The worst feeling ever is not knowing whether you should wait or GIVE UP.
Sometimes you just need to get away.
I am learning to love the sound of my feet walking away from things not meant for me.
I'm slowly learning not to let my happiness depend on other people.
I think I'm afraid of being happy because whenever I get too happy something bad always happens.
Isn't it sad when you get hurt so much, you can finally say "I'm used to it"
I'm often silent when I'm screaming inside.
I'm more broken than you think!
We all feel lost sometimes.
The worst kind of sad is not being able to explain why.
Missing someone and not being able to see them is the worst feeling ever.
Sometimes I feel good in ALONE!
Sometimes, it feels good to just sit alone, not talking to anyone.
Sometimes I hate getting close to people because I think they will just walk out of my life no matter how close we are.
Some people come in your life just to teach you how to let go.
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the person you thought would never hurt you.
That awkward moment when you think you are important to someone, and you are not.
People will usually hurt you in attempt to heal themselves.
I wish people could drink their words and realize how bitter they taste.
People aren't permanent. Remember this and you will be just fine.
And then I think maybe I was designed to be alone.
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
Don't do something permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset.
Don't promise me things. I don't trust words, I trust actions.
Don't let little stupid things break your happiness.
Don't get upset over things that doesn't matter.
You don't have to accept things you are not okay with.
Whatever makes you feel bad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it.
Don't stop loving people when you're upset or angry.
Don't keep allowing the same things to upset you. Life's too short to live that way.
Hating people is like burning down your house to kill a rat.
Some people create their own storms, the get upset when it rains.
Do not get upset with people or situations, both are powerless without your reaction.
People will never truly understand something until it happens to them.
Temporary happiness isn't worth long term pain.
The truth hurts for a little while, but lies hurt forever.
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
I've always done my best for others, while they don't even care about me.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
I will always care for you, even if we're not together and even if we're far, far away from each other.
Missing you comes in waves, and tonight I'm drowning.
We were a perfect match but sadly matches burn.
I did everything right for someone that does everything wrong.
Did I change or did you just stop loving me?
If you love me let me know. If not please gently let me go!
It sucks when you're ignored by the person whose attention is the only thing you want in the world.
Being hurt by someone you love is the worst feeling ever!
I fall too fast that's why I hurt too much.
I would say I'm okay, but I'm done lying.
There's a reason why I keep it all inside.
The quieter you become, the more you can hear.
Brain: Be patient. Heart: Until when?
‘Are you okay?' Always the same question. ‘I'm fine.' Always the same lie.
So many words to say and no ways to say them.
But they all didn't see the lit bit of sadness in me.
Sometimes I don't even understand myself.
Forgive yourself for loving the wrong person.
Stop setting yourself on fire for people who just stand to watch you burn.
No one cares. They're just pretending.
And suddenly, we were strangers again.
Don't waste your time waiting on someone who wouldn't wait for you.
You know my name not my story.
My brain and this world don't fit each other.
My life feels like a test I didn't study for.
Everything is strange. Life. People.
Has never hated life more, than I do at this very moment.
My heart keeps breaking.
No one understands my pain and that hurts!
I feel like everybody secretly hates me.
Sometimes, it feels better not to talk. At all. About anything. To anyone.
It's better to be alone rather than being with someone who makes you feel like you're alone.
When someone makes you an option. Make them a memory.
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
Well, don't admire people too much. They'll disappoint you sometimes.
Sensitive people suffer more, but they love more and dream more.
The heart was made to be broken.
I've been having a lot of bad days lately.
It hurts because it mattered.
I'm sorry if I changed but you changed too.
I never stopped loving.. I just stopped showing it.
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
I am thankful for all those difficult people in my life, they have shown me EXACTLY who I do not want to be!
Time has a wonderful way of showing up what really matters.
Time heals nothing, it just makes your memories fade away.
Say it before you run out of time. Say it before it's too late. Say what you're feeling. Waiting is a mistake.
Sometimes it's not the butterflies that tell you you're in love. But the pain.
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.
Love can sometimes be magic. But magic can sometimes… just be an illusion.
Every time I start trusting someone, they show me why I shouldn't.
I'm exhausted from trying to be stronger than I feel.
It feels like every other part of my body is broken too.
We try to hide our feelings, but we forgot that our eyes speak.
When your past calls, don't answer. It has nothing new to say.
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
The secret of happiness… is to have bad memory!
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Depression is like a war. You either win or die trying.
Pain makes people change.
It's the maybes that will kill you.
I killed a part of me to keep you alive.
I feel I'm missing, something in my life these days.
Most days I miss who I used to be.
If you lose someone but find yourself, you won.
Some people don't change. They just find new ways to lie.
Some humans are really bad at being human.
The saddest thing about betrayal is that it never comes from your enemies.
I have no desire to argue with anyone, I choose to walk away because I just want peace.
I sleep to escape from reality.
Sleeping is nice. You forget about everything for a little while.
Faking a smile is so much easier than explaining why you are sad.
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
The way sadness works is one of the strangest riddles of the world.
And someday, I hope that my sadness will be replaced by something beautiful.
And it's the road that leads to nowhere. But all I want to do is go there.
The most painful goodbye's are those which were never said and never explained.
The more I find myself, the more people I lose.
Two things I never want to experience again: Broken heart and Deep love.
I lost my mind trying to understand yours.
You don't protect your heart by acting like you don't have one.
And those who are heartless once cared too much.
The strongest hearts have the most scars.
One of the most difficult tasks in life is removing someone from your heart.
Your heart is the most powerful organ. It breaks, heals, and becomes stronger again.
Dear heart, please stop getting involved in Everything. Your job is just to pump blood, So stick to it.
Dear Brain, you were right.
Dear Heart, sorry for the damage.
Dear Pillow, sorry for the tears.
My tears explain the words I fail to speak.
It's hard to answer the question "What's wrong?" when nothing is right.
The worst kind of pain is not being able to tell anyone why you feel it.
Sometimes when I say "I'm okay," I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight, and say, "I know you're not."
If I treated you, the way you treated me, you would hate me.
I wish i could ignore you like you ignore me.
Tough times.. I wish I had a choice..
There's no point in crying, the tears won't bring you back to me.
Pain is the only thing that's telling me, I'm still alive.
You can't break a heart that's already broken!!
Best way to not get your heart broken, is pretend you don't have one.
Tears are how our heart speaks when our lips cannot describe how much we've been hurt.
Tears are prayers too. They travel to God when we can't speak.
Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
People cry, not because they are weak. It is because they've been strong for too long.
A tear is made of 1% water and 99% feelings.
If you could read my mind, you'd be in tears.
If you could feel what I feel, you'd be in pain.
You broke my heart but I still love you with all the pieces.
Never beg to be loved.
Sometimes it only takes one song to bring back a thousand memories.
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
Sometimes it takes losing something to realize what you've had.
If you love something, let it go. If it comes back to you, it's yours forever. If it doesn't, then it was never meant to be.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours, if they don't they never were.
Never push a loyal person to the point where they no longer care.
When you are truly comfortable with who you are, not everybody will like you. But you won't care about it one bit.
Everyone is not replaceable. Be careful who you hurt.
Sorry is not enough. Sometimes, you actually have to change.
If you're going to make me cry, at least be there to wipe away the tears.
If my absence doesn't affect your life then my presence has no meaning in it.
I'm tired of fighting. For once, I want to be fought for.
I feel like I'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen.
I'm not heartless, I've just learned how to use my heart less.
I'm not living, I'm just surviving!
Oh, I'm sorry I forgot I only exist when you need something.
I'm that person everyone replaces after a while.
I don't care for Those, who don't care for me.
Stand up for what is right…even if you're standing alone.
It is better to be alone than in bad company.
It's sad to be happy alone in Life..
It's too hard to stay alone in life.
I just need a little time alone…to recharge..
The biggest problem is: I still care
Never hurt people who love you a lot, because they won't hurt you back. But they'll probably have no choice but to leave you forever…
Don't expect me to tell you what you did wrong. If you can't figure it out yourself, then you are not ready to correct it,cos you did not know it was a mistake.
I preferred walking away than fighting for you not because you were not worth fighting for but because you never asked me to stay…
Moving forward in life isn't the hard part, it's leaving behind someone, you thought was meant to move forward with you
Never cry for anyone in your life, because those you cry for don't deserve your tears and those who are deserving will never let you cry.
Seven billion people on this planet and I have 2 friends
I know you won't come back but my heart will take life long time to accept this.
When you are in a habit to talk someone daily, a day without talking to them feels like a year passed
Value the person when they are alive don't cry for them when they are dead.
A magic of songs and sound, When you are happy you just listen the song, but when you are sad you understand the song…
Behind every flirty boy there is a girl who left him alone with no reasons!!
I don't get tired of loving you. I just get tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry and getting hurt.
The hardest thing to do is watch the person you love, love someone else.
I will never stop caring, but if you decide to push me away, I will go.
It hurts when you have someone in your heart but can't have in your arms….
The more you show your true feelings, the more people find ways to hurt you.
It's amazing how someone break your heart but you still love them with all little broken pieces.
To the less fortunate… life is nothing but a tragedy
204 countries, 805 Islands, 7 seas, 7+ Billion people and I'm single!!!
It's sad when you realize you aren't as important to someone as you thought you were..
Some battles have to be fought alone,Some paths have to be crossed alone, so never be emotionally attached with anyone you never know when you have to walk alone.
Keep smiling… And one day life will become tired of upsetting you
Never become a daughter of a house where there's no mother
One of the biggest mistakes I've ever made was expecting my happiness from others !!
The person who once topped the inbox, now flashes in "people you may know.".!!
Everybody's online, except the one I actually want too.
I take words very seriously, and it breaks my heart when I find out that people don't actually mean what they say.
That sad moment when you realize your childhood is over.
Life seems to be running on a road without any shelter, without any sign board & without any destination.
Sometimes your voice is the medicine to all my diseases.
The worst feeling in the world is knowing that u r no longer that important as u were.
Its very eassy to say BUSSY when Someone needs you…But…. Its very hard to hear BUSSY when you need someone !!!
You don't realise how lonely you r until it's the end of the day and you have a bunch of things to talk about,but no one to Listen !!!
Behind my smile is everything you'll never understand.
No Matter How Hard I Try, No Matter How Many Relationships I Get Into…. It Will Never Replace The One I Just Lost.
I remember the way u used to look at me … and now, I notice the way u ignore me…
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that never said and never explained.
Never expect things to happen. Its better to feel surprised,than to feel disappointed
I don't understand why I still cry for you when you don't even think about me
Sometimes it't not the song that makes you emotional… it's the people and things that come to your mind when you hear it.
I hate how we went from being strangers, to friends, to close friends, to almost sumthing more, to nothing
I don't think you know what you are doing to me.
Me and She makes best couple, but her dad always create trouble
If I had one single wish… I would go back to the moment we kissed
Sadness is when "last seen at" changes to "Online" & again to "last seen at" without reply
If distance is a solution to reduce complications… I want to maintain this distance for eternity
Tears are the last gift of TRUE LOVE…..
Tired of making fake smile.
The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.
Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is!
It's sad to know I'm done. But looking back, I've got a lot of great memories.
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
I am closest to my mother, as she is my rock, my pillar of strength, and my world. Not only has she stood by me through all times - happy, sad, and otherwise - but there have even been moments when I had completely lost hope, and her immense belief in me had lifted me up.
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
Never make a decision when you are upset, sad, jealous or in love.
The word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
First, accept sadness. Realize that without losing, winning isn't so great.
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.
I do believe that if you haven't learnt about sadness, you cannot appreciate happiness.
Depression is the inability to construct a future
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
Grief is never something you get over. You don't wake up one morning and say, 'I've conquered that; now I'm moving on.' It's something that walks beside you every day. And if you can learn how to manage it and honour the person that you miss, you can take something that is incredibly sad and have some form of positivity.
It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.
Crying is cleansing. There's a reason for tears, happiness or sadness.
When you wake up each morning, you can choose to be happy or choose to be sad. Unless some terrible catastrophe has occurred the night before, it is pretty much up to you. Tomorrow morning, when the sun shines through your window, choose to make it a happy day.
Don't grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
Red is the ultimate cure for sadness.
Everyone can have their heart broken. Even if you know the relationship isn't working, it's still sad. Even in a bad relationship, they're part of your life for a long time, and saying goodbye to that can be difficult.
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.
Dying is only one thing to be sad over... Living unhappily is something else.
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.
It's funny how other people are willing to do lots of brave things for you.. yet.. you still choose someone who can't even offer you half of what others could
Sometimes silence is much better than talking , at least it don't hurt
Feelings don't walk away, people do
Silence is the most powerful scream
The most important part of moving on is letting go.
If I die tomorrow u will miss me
Don't cry for the person who doesn't know the value of your tears…
I still care, that's the problem
Please don't interrupt me while I'm ignoring you
Missing someone hurts, but whats hurts even more, is knowing that you'r the reason that they're gone.
You get no appreciation when you are nice, but people notice when you become bad.
People think I'm bad when I'm talking, But When I'm quiet is when you really have to worry!
You will know a person's heart by the way they treat their pets.
It would be so much easier to dissapear..save everyone the trouble..
OK for those who are wondering… NO! I'm NOT OK!.. I have NOT been for a while… I wont be for a long time…
What breaks my heart into pieces is knowing that you will forget the things that I will remember forever.
Bruises will go away, eventually. Even the pain that caused them will too, but the memory of how it happened won't.
the worst feeling in the world is when you know that you both love each other but still you just can't be together
I may smile and i may laugh. But deep down my heart is a pain you'll never guess.
I tell people I'm OK i tell myself I'm fine, then i look in the mirror and laugh until i cry because i know it was all just a lie.
The more I do not talk to you does not make it any better it just makes my heart break even more everyday.
Surrounded by many people who love me..but yet I'm so alone..why is that? Is it because your the only one not there
Emotionally..I am Done……Mentally..I am Drained…..Spiritually..I am Dead…..And Yet Physically..I Smile…
You can crop me out of the pictures we took together…But You can never crop me out of the memories we shared ….
One of the worst things that can happen to a person is to be forgotten by someone they will never forget.
If the relationship does not make you a better person… then you are with the wrong person.
Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
Its mostly the scars that people can't see that hurt the most….. they also take the longest to heal.
I wish i could escape to a place. somewhere where the feelings and thoughts won't be able to haunt me.
It took seeing what my life is like without you to know that i want you in it. i'm sorry for ever hurting you.
Every time I take a step forward in my life….. I get pushed two steps back…am I walking backwards?
Sometimes what you don't say is more powerful than what you do say.
I smile during the day… I cry during the night…. Just hoping the pain will go away.
Why is it that when we think we are finally happy we want to break down and cry because we think we don't deserve it?
I can hold back my tears and hide them with a smile but I can't hide that hole in my heart…
One day you may realise you lost a diamond while you were busy collecting stones.
If love is the best feeling in the world, then why does my heart hurt so much?
I like to pretend that i am okay because I do not wanna annoy people with my problems.
It`s not always the tears that measure the pain. Sometimes it`s the smile we fake.
Just when you think things are going smoothly and couldn't get no better, the devil jumps in and screws everything up!
i guess what they say is true. everything happens for a reason.
The longer I'm alone, the more I want it to stay that way..
Its funny how the ones you look up to the most, can be the ones to hurt you the most!
My actions are before blinded eyes, my voice falls on deafened ears.
Surrounded by many people who love me..but yet I'm so alone..why is that? Is it because your the only one not there???
Don`t be sad because it`s over. Smile because it happened
I was your cure and you were my disease. I was saving you; and you were killing me.
There is just some days when it all seems to be wrong and nothing feels right
Never let the pain from your past punish your present and paralyze your future.
Oh I'm sorry, I forgot I only exist when you want something from me.
My silence spoke a thousand words, but you never heard them...
The only thing more shocking than the truth are the lies people tell to cover it up.
Everything takes me longer than I expect. It's the sad truth about life.
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain.
Sad feeling is mute reminder of what is really important in our life.
The silence isn't so bad, till I look at my hands and feel sad. Because the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly.
The hardest thing is to hurt yourself for the sake of others' happiness.
It's weird how the happiest memories drive you to tears...
Seeing people change isn't what hurts. What hurts is remembering who they used to be.
Never cry for anyone in your life, because those you cry for don't deserve your tears and those who are deserving will never let you cry.
One day, you will wake up realizing how much I mean to you. When that day comes, I might have woken up with someone else.
The hardest part in life is trying to show the smile you know is fake and to hide the tears that won't stop.
Today I felt life was over for me. I do not care how much longer I will be in this world, because life will have no meaning for me without his love
Only loneliness can teach us everything in this world except how to forget the person who made us lonely
Don't be sad because it`s over. Smile because it happened.
I know my silence and my tears will heal my pain one day
It's not always the tears that measure the pain. Sometimes it`s the smile we fake
Sometimes what you don't say is more powerful than what you do say
When I smile and say "Yeah, I'm fine" it's really code for "No I'm not okay and I feel like my world is crashing down around me
Once you lose someone, it's never exactly the same person who comes back
I just wanna run away… Run away from all of my problems and pain and never come back… Because i don't think anyone would miss me
Always feels like is going the wrong way on a one way street…
Poor man walks miles to earn the food & rich man walks miles to digest the food.
Smile and no one will see how broken you are inside.
Remember, you're beautiful. But keep in mind that not everyone's gonna be able to see that.
I am not just another toy you can play with wen all your other toys are broken.
As I'm trying to make everyone else happy I'm making myself miserable in the process.
The truth hurts for a little while, but lies hurt for a lifetime.
I feel crappy inside, like something just broke.
Let no one think I gave in.
Two barrels of tears do not heal a bruise.
Theres no point in crying, the tears wont bring you back to me.
There's still only one person who hasn't given up on me. God, thank you for loving me.
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't care too much because that ‘too much' will hurt you so much!
The hardest part of dreaming about someone you love is having to wake up.
The sad part isn't that we never talk, its that we used to talk everyday.
One of the worst things that can happen to a person is to be forgotten by someone they will never forget
I never felt true love until i was with you. And i never felt true sadness until you left me
Sometimes its better to be alone because then no one can hurt you.
If you're going to make me cry, at least be there to wipe away the tears
There is no point in crying, the tears won't bring you back to me.
Oh I'm sorry, I forgot I only exist when you want something from me
I am the one that said "Goodbye", It's over" but I'm the one crying.
I'm missing something in my life these days.
God only makes happy endings. If it's not happy, then it's not the end.
It sucks to be alone, even when there are people all around you.
The scars you can`t see are the hardest to heal.
What's the point in all this screaming, no one's listening anyway.
People sometimes think that you do not love them but sometimes you have to say bye.
I'm sad. No. I'm mad. No, wait… I don't know I just need a freaking hug...
I have Many problems in my life…But My lips don't know that They Always Smile
Your mind may be sad because you're not with him, but your heart is happy just knowing him.
Never let the pain from your past punish your present and paralyze your future.
No one knows what it's like to be the bad man, to be the sad man, behind blue eyes.
You'll never realize the value of what you have, until what you have is no longer yours.
The hardest part in life is trying to show the smile you know is fake and to hide the tears that won't stop.
Everyone says to follow your heart, but what if your heart wants something it can never have
My silence spoke a thousand words, but you never heard them.
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't care too much because that 'too much' will hurt you so much!
You'll never realize the value of what you have, until what you have is no longer yours.
You made me Laugh you made me cry but you killed me when you said goodbye
I fell for you, but you didn't catch me
No matter how much you have hurt me, I still pray for you every night.
My silence is just another word for my PAIN.
I'm leaving for our own Good, Now I am happy, how about you?
People cry not because they are weak, It's because they've been strong for too long.
fall too fast, crush too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much.
I hope you'll realize how much you're hurting me someday.
If you give up on me, I'm going to give up on me too.
Make the most beautiful Mistakes, mine is you.
I'm slowly giving up.
I'm not afraid to fall in LOVE, I'm afraid to fall for a wrong person again.
BEING IGNORED, worst feeling ever.
I hate missing someone and not being able to do anything about it.
life is short, there is no time to leave important words UNSAID.
Never put your happiness in someone else's hands.
It's never the tear that measure the PAIN, sometimes its the SMILE we fake.
I always found the right one on wrong time.
Silence is the most powerful SCREAM.
I miss how you always MADE time for me.
Never giveup on someone you cant spend a day not thinking about.
Please BURN my sad memories.
SLEEP away the sadness of today!
Loneliness doesn't KILL, but sometimes I wish it DID.
I want you to be FREE, but i can watch you SOAR away from me.
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
I just want to fall asleep until i don;t miss you anymore.
Sometimes when I say "I am okay" I want someone Too look me in the eyes Hug me tight and say" I know you're not...
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
This isn't a Whatsapp Status...this is just to show that no status matches my feelings right now
Six letters, two words, easy to say, hard to explain, harder to do. MOVE ON.
I act like I don't care, but deep inside, it hurts.
It hurts the worst when the person that made you feel so special yesterday, makes you feel so unwanted today.
Losing a part of yourself is much easier than losing the one you love.
I like walking in rain because no one sees me crying.
Dear pillow sorry for all the tears.
A person who cries is a person who cares.
It hurts, but its OK. I am used to it.
Don't cry because of 1 person. Remember, there are still millions of people to smile.
Love sometimes comes like a dream and leave like nightmare.
Sometimes god does not change the situation because he is trying to change your heart.
I don't think, you know what you are doing to me.
There is nothing more depressing than having it all and still feeling sad.
The girl, who laughs and talks a lot and seems very happy, is also the girl who may cry herself to sleep.
When a person cries and the first drop of tears comes from the RIGHT eye. It's ‘HAPPINESS'. But when the first roll is from the LEFT; Its "PAIN".
I am sick of crying over that guy. He doesn't like me back so why worry and put yourself through pain.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
What do you do when the only one who can make you stop crying is the one who made you CRY?
Maybe I will never be, who I was before. Maybe I don't even know her anymore. May be who I am today, isn't so far from yesterday.
At some point, you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart but not in your life.
She's strong, because she knows what it's like to be weak. She keeps guard, because she knows what it's like to cry herself to sleep.
I hate when I see a tear drop in your eye and I hate it most when I know the reason is me.
Perhaps our eyes need to be washed with our tears once in a while, so we can see life with a clear view again.
I tried to hold it in, but I cried my eyes out.
Sometimes you just need a good cry. Even if you don't know the reason why you're crying.
I'm always there for you. I was there when you cried when you were scared when you were lost. I cared about you. So tell me, where were you when I was crying?
Find a heart that will love you at your worst and arms that will hold you at your weakest.
Walking alone is not "difficult…" but when we walked a mile with someone then… Coming back alone is difficult.
Trust me. I know how it feels. I know exactly how it feels to cry in the shower so no one can hear you. I know what it's like to wait for everyone to be asleep so you can fall apart. For everything to hurt so bad you just want it all to end. I know exactly how it feels.
No, she's not crying to get attention .She's crying because she's had enough. she's fed up she's tires. She's sick of crying herself to sleep every night she's sick of everyone judging her. She's sick of reality.
Crying isn't a sign of weakness. It's a sign of having tried too hard to be strong for too long.
Crying is the only way your eyes speak when your mouth can't explain how things made your heart broken.
I don't laugh to keep from crying.I laugh to keep from high fiving you with a chair to your face.
The course of nature seems a course of death, and nothingness the whole substantial thing.
If one day you feel like crying call me i can't promise to make you laugh, but I am willing to cry with you.
Cry as hard as you want to, but just make sure that when you STOP crying you will never cry again for the same reason.
People cry, not because they're weak. It's because they've been strong for too long.
When I cry about one thing I end up crying about everything that was wrong.
That moment a song's melody talks to you, your life, your fight so much you just… Start crying.
When I am crying and someone hugs me, it makes me cry even more.
You May Read: Sad Status with very heart touching lines
Popular Crying Status By Famous People:
When my eyes are sparkling and my smile is sweet only my true friends know I am about to cry.
Sometimes a good cry is just what you need to release all the hurt you have built up inside.
Inside every person you know there's a person you don't know.
When I cry about one thing I end up crying about everything that's wrong.
I can tell you by tears that you will remember at all.
I am sorry I am not what you wanted.
That moment when you lean, your head backwards to prevent the tears from streaming down your face.
Love is so short and forgetting so long.
Every girl needs a best friend to help her laugh when she thinks she will never smile again.
When I close my eyes, I see you when I open my eyes, I miss you.
I felt tears prick my eye as I looked down at the model again, looking at that girl and boy on the curb. Forever in that place, together.
Pretending to be strong is exhausting. Stop doing that, when you need to cry. Take life in and you will inevitably become strong.
You can't expect someone to stay. If at all you're giving them a reasons to leave.
I hate seeing your face. You know why? Because it reminds me of the reasons why I cry every day and why I feel so alone and hurt all the time.
You Hurt Me But I Still Love You.
True Love Isn'T Found. It'S Built.
My Silence Is Just Another Word For Pain.
You Killed What Was Left Of The Good In Me.
I Wish I Could Ignore You Like You Ignore Me.
Sometimes All You Need Is One Person Who Cares.
I'M That Person Everyone Replaces After A While.
I Don'T Care For The People, Who Don'T Care For Me.
No Beauty Shines Brighter Than That Of A Good Heart.
If You Give Up On Me, I'M Going To Give Up On Me Too.
I'Ve Been Sad For Years. Don'T Tell Me It Gets Better.
Behind My Smile Is Everything You'Ll Never Understand.
I Stay Home Alone, Listen To Music And Think Too Much.
The Worst Kind Of Sad Is Not Being Able To Explain Why.
Tears Are Words Too Painful For A Broken Heart To Speak.
I Like To Be Alone. But I Would Rather Be Alone With You.
I Say I Don'T Care Anymore, But Truth Is I Care Too Much.
No Matter How Far You Are, You Are Always In My Thoughts.
I Say I Don'T Care Anymore, But Truth Is I Care Too Much.
I Am Tired Of Fightin. For Once, I Want To Be Fought For.
I Hope You'Ll Realize How Much You'Re Hurting Me Some Day.
Every Time I Trust Somebody, They Show Me Why I Shouldn'T.
I Really Need To Stop Being So Emotional About Everything.
The Root Of Disappointment Comes From Holding Expectation.
It Hurts To Let Go, But Sometimes It Hurts More To Hold On.
I Miss The The Time When I Actually Meant Something To You.
I Wanted To Text You. But I Remembered We Don'T Talk Anymore.
Oh, I'M Sorry. I Forgot. I Only Exist When You Need Something.
Smiling Has Always Been Easier Than Explaining Why You'Re Sad.
I Wish My Brain Had A Map To Tell Me Where My Heart Should Go.
Its So Hard To Pretend Not To Love A Person When You Really Do.
Love Sometimes Comes Like A Dream And Leaves Likes A Nightmare.
Sometimes It Takes Losing Something Realize To What You'Ve Had.
I Feel Like I' Waiting For Something That Isn'T Going To Happen.
It'S Not That I Wanna Have It, It'S Just That I Wanna Deserve It.
Trust Is Like Papers. Once It'S Crumpled It Can'T Be Perfect Again.
It'S Sad How Most People Become Who They Promised They'D Never Be !
Even When I'M Hurting So Bad Inside, I'Ll Still Smile & Say I'M Fine.
Wanted By Many, Taken By None, Talking To Some, Just Waiting For One.
When People Treat You Like They Don'T Care, Believe Them. They Don'T.
Every Birth Is Paid By Death & Every Happiness Is Paid By Unhappiness.
You Know That Nothing Will Change, But For Some Reason You Still Wait.
Sick Of Crying, Tired Of Trying, Yes I'M Smiling But Inside I'M Dying.
There'S Nothing More Depressing Than Having It All & Still Feeling Sad.
Technically, I Am Single. But My Heart Is Taken By Someone I Can;T Have.
Love The Hearts That Hurts You, But Never Hurt The Heart That Loves You.
A Relationship Is Only For Two, But Some Bitches Don'T Know How To Count.
Use Your Smile To Change The World. Don'T Let The World Change Your Smile.
You May Not Be Pushing Me Away But You'Re Not Fighting To Keep Me Either.
There Is Nothing More Depressing Than Having It All And Still Feeling Sad.
Nobody Deserves Your Tears, But Whoever Deserves Them Will Not Make You Cry.
Sick Of Crying, Tired Of Trying, Yes I'M Still Smiling But Inside I'M Dying.
Find Someone Who Knows That You'Re Not Perfect But Treats You As If You Are.
The Word Happiness Would Lose Its Meaning If It Were Not Balanced By Sadness.
And Sometimes You Just Have Forget About That Person You Once Loved & Move On.
Worst Kind Of Pain Is When You'Re Smiling Just To Stop The Tears From Falling.
It'S Never The Tears That Measure The Pain, Sometimes Its Take Smile We Fake.
I Feel Like A Balloon…Looking Bright & Cheerful, But Empty And Lonely Inside.
Isn'T It Sad When You Get Hurt So Much, You Can Finally Say  I'M Used To It .
The Toughest Part Of Letting Go Is Realizing That The Other Person Already Did.
I Keep Myself Busy With Things I Do But Every time I Pause, I Still Think Of You.
You Lose Yourself Trying To Hold On To Someone Who Doesn't Care About Losing You.
And Sometimes You Just Have To Forget About That Person You Once Loved & Move On.
At Least, Tell A Lie That You Love Me, I Will Live The Rest Of My Life With That.
People Cry Not Because They'Re Weak. Its Because They've Been Strong For Too Long.
You Touched My Heart With A Thousand Pleasures And Broke It In To Million Pieces.
I Know They Say That First Love Is The Sweetest But That First Cut Is The Deepest.
It'S Not Always The Tears That Measure The Pain. Sometimes It'S The Smile We Fake.
The Worst Kind Of Pain Is When You'Re Smiling Just To Stop The Tears From Falling.
I'M Not Upset That You Lied To Me, I'M Upset That From Now On I Can'T Believe You.
People Cry, Not Because They'Re Weak. Its Because They've Been Strong For Too Long.
When You Truly Love Someone You Given Everything You Can And Never Expect A Return.
It'S Sad When You Realize You Aren'T As Important To Someone As You Thought You Are.
I Did The Searching And Remembering. He/She Did The Disappearing And The Forgetting.
When I Cry About One Thing, I End Up Crying About Everything That'S Messed Up My Life.
Even If We Can'T Be Together In The End, I Am Still Glad You Were A Part Of My Life.
People Leave Because It'S Easier To Walk Away Than To Fight For What They Really Want.
Everything is Complicated, Even Those Things That Seem Flat In Their Bleakness Or Sadness.
Every Thought Is A Battle, Every Breath Is A War And I Don'T Think I'M Winning Anymore.
Nothing Hurts More Than Realizing He Meant Everything To You & You Meant Nothing To Him.
Everything'S Complicated, Even Those Things That Seem Flat In Their Bleakness Or Sadness.
Moving On . Sound Easy. But I Died Thousand Times In Pain Just To Appreciate This Phrase.
Yeah She'S Smiling But Don'T Let That Fool You. Look Into Her Eyes. Shes Breaking Inside.
I Was Playing Back A Thousand Memories Baby, Thinking About Everything We'Ve Been Through.
Words But Deeper Than Knives. A Knife Can Be Pulled Out, Words Are Embedded Into Out Soul.
Yeah. She'S Smiling But Don'T Let That Fool You. Look Into Her Eyes. She'S Breaking Inside.
It Doesn'T Matter Who Hurt You Or Broke You Down. What Matters Is Who Made You Smile Again.
I Don'T Know Why They Call It Heartbreak. It Feels Like Every Part Of My Body Is Broken Too.
People Change For Two Reason : They Have Learned A Lot Or They Have Been Hurt Too Many Times.
Sometimes The Girl Who'S Always Been There For Everyone Else. Need Someone To Be There For Her.
Everyone Want Happiness, No One Wants Pain, But You Can'T Make A Rainbow Without A Little Rain.
There Are So Many Things That Make You Happy. Don'T Focus Too Much On Things That Make You Sad.
Heavy Hearts, Like Heavy Clouds In The Sky, Are Best Relieved By The Letting Of A Little Water.
Never Expect Things To Be Happen, Because It Better To Feel Surprised Than To Feel Disappointed.
Pain Is The Only Thing That Makes Me Feel Alive.I Will Never Be Good Enough For You. I Got That.
It Hurts The Most When The Person Who Made You Feel So Special Makes You Feel So Unwanted Today.
Letting Go Doesn'T Mean You'Ve Stopped Caring, It Means You Stopped Trying To Force Someone Too.
I Think I'M Afraid To Be Happy Because Whenever I Do Get Too Happy, Something Bad Always Happens.
The Worst Person To Be Around Is Someone Who Complains About Everything And Appreciates Nothing.
The Saddest People I'Ve Ever Met In Life Are The Ones Who Don'T Care Deeply About Anything At All.
Smile. It'S Easier Than Explaining Why You Re Sad.I Don'T Think You Know What You Are Doing To Me.
I Hate The Fact That You Ignore Me For So Long Then You Start Talking To Me Like Nothing Happened.
I Think I'M Afraid To Be Happy Because Whenever I Do Get Too Happy, Something Bad Always Happens.
Sometimes You Got To Accept The Fact That Certain Things Will Never Go Back To How They Used To Be.
The Moment When You Burst Out Crying In You Room & You Realize That No One Know How Unhappy You Are.
The People Experiencing The Most Pain Tend To Be The Ones Who Are Always Trying To Make Others Smile.
I Will Always Care For You, Even If We'Re Not Together & Even If We'Re Far, Far Away From Each Other.
Waiting Is Painful, Forgetting Is Painful. But Not Knowing Which To Do Is The Worse Kind Of Suffering.
Crying Is The Only Way Your Eyes Speak When Your Mouth Can'T Explain How Things Made Your Heart Break.
Eight Letters, Three Words, One Regret, I Miss You.I Stay Home Alone, Listen To Music & Think Too Much.
I Will Always Care For You, Even If We'Re Not Together And Even If We'Re Far, Far Away From Each Other.
Sometimes, Crying Is The Only Way Your Eyes Speak When You Mouth Can'T Explain How Broken Your Heart Is.
I Guess It Ends Here. We Will Go Out Separate Ways & Hope That We'Ll See Each Other Somewhere In Future.
If You Can Learn From The Worst Times Of Your Life, You'Ll Be Ready To Go Into The Best Times Of Your Life.
Cry As Much As You Want To, But Just Make Sure When You'Re Finished, You Never Cry For The Same Reason Again.
I'M Sorry. I Tried Being Prefect. But Its Just Not Me.I Have Been Sad For Years. Don'T Tell Me It Gets Better.
I Have A Habit Of Falling Too Hard And Falling Too Fast, And Getting My Hopes Up For Something I Know Won'T Last.
Sometimes When I Say  I Am Okay  I Want Someone Too Look Me In The Eyes, Hug Me Tight & Say I Know You'Re Not .
You Treat Me Like Shit For No Reason, Yet I M Still In Love With You. Stop Breaking My Heart. I Just Want To Love You.
Sometimes I Don'T Tell People What'S Wrong Because Most Of The Time They'Re Just Being Curious. Not Because They Care.
I Am Fighting Alone & Being Depressed Is An Everyday Fight. I Am Tired Of Being Sad Now. Trust….Nothing Feels Right.
One Get Used To Being Alone, But It'S Enough To Break It For A Day & You Have To Get Used To It Again From The Beginning.
You Can'T Control Everything That Happens To You, But You Can Control How You React To The Things That Are Out Of Your Control.
The Loneliest Moment In Someone'S Life Is When They Are Watching Their Whole World Fall Apart, And All They Do Is Stare Blankly.
Apologizing Doesn'T Always Mean You'Re Wrong & The Other Person Is Right. It Means You Value Your Relationship More Than You Ego.
The Pain Is Not On The Day Of Missing Our Dear Ones. The Pain Is Really When You Love Without Them & With Their Presence In Your Mind.
You'Re The First Person Who Broke My Heart. For The Rest Of My Life, You Will Always Be The On Who Hurt Me The Most. Don'T Forget That.
Have You Ever Noticed That The More Special You Treat Someone, The More That Someone Takes You For Granted ? As If You Won'T Ever Change.
Expression Of Eyes ? Can Be Read ? By Everyone…But Depression Of Heart Can Be Read ? Only By Best One…Care For Everyone But Don'T Lose The Best One.
There are days when there are no emotions, no thoughts: only pain!
If my eyes showed my soul, everyone, when they saw me smiling, would cry with me.
My soul is sick, I feel in a coma, eat induced by the deep sadness that I feel.
Have I ever had imaginary friends? No, I had friends that I imagined to be true.
He who greatly trusts is greatly disappointed.
That moment you need help, but suffer alone, so as not to bother anyone.
One day weary of hiding our sad side.
The problem is not the scars. The problem is to look at them and remember who left them.
The busy bee does not have time for sorrow.
Sad time! It is easier to disintegrate an atom than a prejudice.
I prefer to suffer for abstinence than to suffer for a love that never existed.
The saddest hours of life are those in which we doubt ourselves.
I'm sad of an absurd sadness.
Very sad. I can hardly bear it, but it does. To be sad is natural, but to bear heartache is the worst of misfortunes!
When the pain no longer fits in the chest it overflows through the eyes..
The hardness of a moment of sadness conveys lessons to us for a lifetime!
Sad is you bet all your chips on someone who has not bet anything on you.
I woke up the way I came into the world: sad and without understanding anything.
If I could go back in time, I would not have even been born.
I do not want to forget you, but I do not want to remember the pain.
Sometimes I say it's okay when I'm really very sad …! It's incredible.
The same thing that makes you happy can make you very sad.
From sadness to sadness, many end up making it their identity! BEING IGNORED, worst feeling ever.
Everyone wants to be happy.No one wants to be sad and get pain.But you can't make a rainbow without a little rain.